We booked this hotel for a two night stay for our wedding anniversary.   From the airport we took a pre booked water taxi to the hotel for €145 one way.   At the reception we were warmly welcomed but there was no soft drink or hot towel which we thought would have been the norm for a five star hotel.   Our room was on the ground floor and was large but quite dated. The long heavy curtains had come off the rail and were hanging sadly at the end. The price the hotel asks for the room can’t allow for these things not to be fixed. It meant that the room looked tatty and sunlight flooded the room early in the morning.   Soft Drinks in the mini bar are initially complimentary until replaced. Then they are payable.   Pool was beautiful. Very comfortable sun beds around the pool and in…Read moreDate of stay: June 2019HelpfulShare Response from ZuinClaudia, Quality & Guest Experience Manager at San Clemente Palace KempinskiResponded Jun 29, 2019Dear Guest,  I would like to thank you very much for taking the time to share your opinion based on your stay at our hotel. I am delighted to you choose our property for celebrate an important and memorable occasion such as you wedding anniversary.  I am pleased to read that you appreciated our pool area, the comfortable sun beds, the lovely gardens as well as the excellent drinks, the good housekeeping service and the kind and attentive staff, It is always a matter closes to our heart to provide a remarkable experiences to our valued guests .  Concerning all the other comments please be assure that have taken them all into serious consideration and  that I have been shared them with all the Head of Departments involved as I believe that we can always improve and achieve better results and easily reach the excellence.  I would like to express my appreciation for letting us know your viewpoint and I am glad to learn you are willing to come to visit us again, and if the occasion should arise please feel free to contact me directly.  With my warmest regards  Claudia ZuinRead more