We have to admit, that this place is just plain creepy.  It has a lovely grounds where you can do some running and exercise, but the place can't escape it's past as a mental institution and place for people with the plague.  That withstanding, it has great service and meals, an impressive grounds, pool and escape from the hustle and bustle of the main island of Venice.Read moreDate of stay: June 20172 Helpful votesHelpfulShare Response from ZuinClaudia, Quality and Guest Experience Manager at San Clemente Palace KempinskiResponded Apr 23, 2018Dear Guest,  thank you for your comment! It is with great pleasure that I read the lovely description of the service and meals, the location and the pool areas of the San Clemente Palace Kempinski.  On the other hand I regret to read that a small portion of history of San Clemente island influenced your experience, and please let allow me to introduce you into a more complete description of the history of the island. San Clemente Island has been founded in 1131 with the purpose of encouraging the “recovery of the soul and the spirit”, the crescent-shaped San Clemente Island served as a starting point for religious pilgrims and soldiers sail for the Holy Land. The original monastery where San Clemente Palace Kempinski now exists was home to a succession of religious orders and rebuilt then in 1645 with the financial assistance of Venetian nobility. The restoration of the buildings, executed with the utmost respect for their historical and artistic heritage and the natural beauty of its surroundings, retains the atmosphere of its ancient origins, with frescoes and an impressive Renaissance façade. All traces of the island’s history have been preserved in the tradition of a grand hotel for the most discerning traveler. San Clemente has been also starting from 1490 the "private and luxury" destination of the Doge; in fact between the XV and XVI centuries, San Clemente became known as the “gateway to Venice”. It became standard practice to take the Bucintoro, the Doge's ceremonial barge, to the island to meet distinguished visitors. On the return journey to the Gran Canal, the guests were entertained by a variety of spectacles and performances. As the history narrate us, the mental hospital has been just a small part of the magnificent history of this special island.   Kind Regards,  Read more