To whom it may concern,  Here are some pointers for the GM of this hotel who seems to have no control over what is going on (or wrong) in this so called exclusive establishment.  1. Make sure to hire people who have a sense and understanding of what customer service actually is, especially in the hospitality sector. Do not hire staff who offer no help whatsoever with loading baggage onto the boat from San Marco.. people had to load their prams and multiple bags and suitcases onto the boat themselves without the staff on the boat lifting as much as a finger.  2. Opening just one of several restaurants for dinner during peak season in summer is short-sighted to put it mildly, especially when it is then overbooked and there aren't any tables left to accommodate all of the hotel…Read moreReview collected in partnership with The Leading Hotels of the WorldDate of stay: July 2017HelpfulShare Response from SanClementeComms, Rooms Division Manager  at San Clemente Palace KempinskiResponded Jul 24, 2017Dear HeinzWappler, Thank you very much for taking the time to review in detail your stay with us. We regret to hear that the overall experience didn’t fully meet your expectations. We would like to assure you that our guests’ satisfaction and wellbeing are always our priority. To this end - despite being forced to close the kitchen of Acquerello restaurant for a couple of days due to technical issues - we have chosen to ensure our guests the opportunity to still dine in the amazing setting of Acquerello Terrace. Our chef has added some special dishes to the menu of Clemente Bar, which is located next to the restaurant and served by another hotel’s kitchen. We regret that the information given to you was not exhaustive and that you didn’t fully enjoy your dinner. Please rest assured that we have already addressed the issue you raised about your experience at Acquerello Terrace as well as the other issues you mentioned, in order to take immediate action and avoid similar inconveniences in the future. We remain at your complete disposal for any other feedback you would like to share with us during your stay or afterwards. Warm regards, Marko Ludovici - Rooms Division Manager Read more