Seamless pick up at the train station (although >200 Euros was a bit much) and Jessica did a great job with our check in.  She brought us up to our lagoon view room located on the third floor right next to the church.  However, she let us know that the entire resort had shut down the air conditioning and that I could not control the temperature of my room.  MORE ON THIS LATER.  The grounds are well kept and the hotel is very clean and tidy.  All of the staff we encountered were exceptional, especially Alessio in the outdoor/indoor bars.  The boat ride too and from the island to Saint Mark's Square were closer to 20 minutes when we went during the weekend, but down to about 10-15 during the week.  Sometimes it felt that the boats were jammed to capacity, or else you were destined…Read moreDate of stay: October 20161 Helpful voteHelpfulShare Response from SanClementeComms, Direttore generale at San Clemente Palace KempinskiResponded Oct 11, 2016Dear Niko137,  Thank you for taking the time to review your experience at the San Clemente Palace Kempinski.  We are glad to hear that you appreciated the hotel’s grounds and our service. Thank you for your kind words about our team and in particular about our Bar Manager Alessio Venturini.  We regret that you didn’t have the opportunity to fully enjoy your stay with us, due ​to ​the temperature in your room. The decisions to switch of the Air Conditioning resort-wide shortly before your stay was due to temperatures falling significantly and guests already asking for the heating to be switched on. Our system does not allow both at the same time. However please, rest assured that all your observations have been brought to the attention of our Head of Departments involved  in the process of creating the right ambiance for our guets and we have reviewed our actions in order to avoid temperature issues in the future.  Thank you again for your feedback that is really appreciated. We would be delighted to have you as our guest again soon.  Warm regards from San Clemente Island, Benedikt G. Jaschke, General ManagerRead more