First of all, they call this a "palace" - it never was a palace. It was hospital and a monastery and it's just downright creepy feeling. Very institutional... nothing like a palace. And you should also know, this takes a long, slow boat ride from the center of Venice.   This is a letter that I wrote to the manager the day I arrived and checked out. I have yet to receive a response. They still charged my credit card $1200. I have filed a dispute and contacted Starwood directly.   Dear Mr. Marko [--] (manager)  I am a Starwood VIP member and usually a fan of all Starwood hotels. I have never written a negative review or complained about any of the Starwood properties that I have stayed at around the world.  Upon writing this, it is September 9th and I just checked out from your…Read moreDate of stay: September 2015HelpfulShare Response from SanClementePR, Public Relations Manager at San Clemente Palace KempinskiResponded Sep 17, 2015Dear Guest,  Thank you for leaving a review of our property on TripAdvisor.  We regret that you did not enjoy the ambiance of our historical building. San Clemente Palace is a very well-known historical palace in Venice which we receive many compliments from our guests. Our hotel offers a complementary shuttle service to and from St. Mark's Square which takes about 8-10 minutes. I regret that in your experience you have found it slow and wish to assure you that our drivers are generally very alert and respective to our guests needs. Please rest assured that our guests’ wellbeing is a top priority for us and it is particularly upsetting when something goes wrong. Thank you for forwarding your views to our attention, we will do our utmost to prevent such thing taking place on the property. I wish you had contacted a manager while you were in the hotel before deciding to check-out. We would have a chance to accommodate to your needs and solve the problems while on the property. I have checked your reservation and it is a non-refundable contract. Nevertheless I will investigate and come back to you promptly.   Our Team remains at your full disposal should you wish further clarifications or assistance.   Best RegardsRead more