The St Regis is in a lovely location…a small island just off Venice. That is the good part. It is very,very expensive which would be okay if it were very , very exceptional.We were there five days and kept hoping it would improve. Sadly , not.  They proudly introduce you to your "butler" when you first arrive. We called occasionally and the phone was never answered. There is a boat that ferries between Venice and the island. One evening they were late in picking up people and then had insufficient capacity to handle all the guests…so some people were left waiting 30 minutes for the next boat. We asked for newspapers…which came three of the five days and once only after we called. We asked the concierge to call for dinner reservations one morning…but he "forgot" so we ended up in…Read moreDate of stay: June 2015HelpfulShare Response from Pietro R, Public Relations Manager at San Clemente Palace KempinskiResponded Jul 11, 2015Dear Guest We are sorry to read about your disappointment. At the St Regis Venice San Clemente Palace we strive to offer all of our guests a flawless experience. We regret we have failed with you. Nevertheless, we would like to thank you for your feedback because it allows us to look at our hotel from the guest’s prospective and make changes where needed. For your information our butlers are appointed to Suites and provide special services such as complimentary garment pressing and shoe shining as well as free drinks and wake up calls. Generally, a butler is always in the lobby and calls from guests are directed to the butler supervisor on duty. We are sorry that the value proposition of our butler service was not made clearer and will implement better communication in this area. In regards to our shuttle service, we generally provide a complimentary taxi in the rare cases when the boat reaches its maximum capacity. This said, please rest assured that we will address these issues in order to avoid similar occurrences in the future and afford an exemplary stay to all of our guests. Yours sincerelyRead more