I booked this hotel directly in August 2019 as a surprise trip for my Wife and I as a Christmas present. We stayed for 6 nights. It was very reasonably priced and I was a little worried the standard would be poor.  How wrong I was.    The hotel is stunning, well heated (it was cold while we were there), clean, room  was fabulous (a superior double) and decorated in a Venice style, comfy bed, lots of space, quiet, large wardrobe with plenty of hangers, fridge, plenty of sockets, good lighting not the usual dully bulbs, decent hairdryer, amazing bathroom and shower, excellent TV with internet so we could use our Netflix account, good WiFi, just suburb.  Only 2 things would have made the room better, coffee and tea making facilities and better pillows, but no complaints. I have seen a comment about no room service but if you want room service then stay at a more expensive but less characterful hotel.  The breakfast was excellent, cereal, fruit, juices, pastries, bread, rolls, a toaster that actually worked, marmalade (thankyou, very English), hot food, scrambled egg, bacon or on 2 days fried potatoes, frankfurter style sausages, great service, tea and excellent coffee, just great.  We were there from 6th Jan 2020 and we were very lucky with the weather, blue skies and sun, just below zero at night and 6-11 degrees during the day, perfect.  Being January it was not too busy as well, definitely the time to go if you’re not keen on crowds and queuing, we didn’t have to queue for anything. St Marks tower was closed for renovation which was the only downer on the trip, everything else was amazing. There were no issues with flooding, in fact bearing in mind the November floods we couldn’t believe they even happened, Venice is well prepared for these regular issues.  The location was perfect. The hotel is 2 minutes’ walk from St Marks Square, 5 minutes’ walk (with just 1 bridge) from the St Marco waterbus stop from the airport (27 Euro return). It could not have been better.  There was a bar that shut at 10pm but we were mostly out so we never used it. No restaurant but it was not an issue as there’s an excellent place over the ally that’s reasonable prices, so we used that twice as we were too tired to walk far.  Tourist tax was 4.50 Euro per night per person and it had to be cash.  We would not stay anywhere else if we come back to Venice.…Read moreDate of stay: January 2020ValueRoomsServiceRoom Tip: We were in room 338 and it was superb.See more room tipsHelpfulShare 