We knew that travelling during the covid would be quite an experience, yet we were eager to go on our european road trip from geneva to paris to belgium to amsterdam to hamburg, to berlin and to stuttgart. During all these hotels stays, we adjusted to the measures. These went from full (and free) mini bar in the rooms to nothing at all (not even a bottle of water).  The most disappointing however was the Movenpick in Stuttgart as we booked this stay only a couple of days before our arrival. We had chosen this one for its sports and wellbeing facilities as this was our last halt on the way back. At no point did they inform us that the hotel restaurant was closed and that all facilities were completely shut. We could not even have chips with our drinks from the bar. This was a ghostly hotel, on our floor all the rooms on the left wing were empty and front doors all open on the corridor. We wondered if they had an issue with sewage as the smell on the floor was overwhelming.  Anyhow, the price we paid for our stay was full price.…Read moreDate of stay: August 2020LocationCleanlinessServiceHelpfulShare Response from Tanja Rollny, Other at Mövenpick Hotel Stuttgart AirportResponded 2 weeks agoDear Guest,   First of all we would like to thank you for your most recent stay at our Mövenpick Hotel Stuttgart Airport and your honest feedback on TripAdvisor.   We read your review attentively and now would like to touch up to some points.   It is true that due to this exceptional situation we were not offering chips or other snacks with our drinks at the hotel bar for a few weeks. This was a safety measure to reduce touch points and grant more protection for our guests. However we were and are offering a menu with a wide variety of food items. Furthermore we were forced to close some of our facilities, this included our Restaurant Trollinger and the spa area. However our Message Bar & Café was open with an offering of both – food and beverage all day until 10 p.m.. Of course we’ve updated this information online as well on google and our official website, also we are informing all of our guests during check in about the current opening hours. We regret that you did not receive any information about this and would like to deeply apologize for the inconvenience.  We also would like to mention that this exceptional situation in which we find ourselves currently is also a major challenge for our property. We always try our best to provide our guests a safe and still comfortable environment. We regret if the way we are doing this left a bad impression to you.   We are a bit surprised on your comment regarding the open doors of empty rooms. Due to fewer bookings in August we keep the doors to some of our empty bedrooms opened to allow a better air circulation however only in the closed wing and not in areas where we rented out rooms and guests are present. We hope that it did not happen on the used guest room floor. Concerning your comment regarding a bad smell in the corridor we thank you for the hint and have already informed our housekeeping team and will investigate immediately.   As an additional information I can inform you that due to the time of the year and our current situation the prices are reduced by 25% even though the requirements due to the Covid situation are much higher than before.  Dear Guest, we deeply regret your disappointment and would appreciate another opportunity to be your host again someday.   In the meantime we wish you all the best.  Kind regards from Stuttgart   Jürgen Köhler, General Manager – Mövenpick Hotels Stuttgart   Read more