Accommodations are always nice here , great for business needs , and certainly convenient with a walk directly from the airport. Food, service also consistently good. Check out I would caution on however and service around this. After I left, I received an email that I had taken a cushion from the room and could I return it or I would be charged?! The accusation was extremely disturbing, and they had not even checked the room thoroughly- stated "they would check with housekeeping staff on Monday", and if they didn't find it and I didn't return it I would be charged 104 euro. This was hardly the way I would recommend anyone be treated in a case like this, and without doing due diligence prior .If they address the customer service /how to handle an "issue" appropriately in the…Read moreReview collected in partnership with Mövenpick Hotels & ResortsDate of stay: June 2017HelpfulShare Response from moevenpickhotel1, Manager at Mövenpick Hotel Stuttgart AirportResponded Jun 28, 2017Dear guest,  Thank you for your stay at our house and your honest words.   We are very happy, that you have chosen our business hotel in Stuttgart yet again as your accommodation in Stuttgart.  Suggestions and critics always help us to improve ourselves in order to meet our guest’s expectations. We offer our sincerest apologies for the discomfort that has been caused to you because of the email you have received shortly after your stay. Please be assured that this way of treating our guests does absolutely not meet the standard and the philosophy of our house. As it happens from time to time we are generally asking if by accident the pillow has been put in the suitcase and only then we talk about the charge if bought at the reception. Your feedback is very important for us and we have immediately discussed it within our team.    Dear Guest, nevertheless we hope to have the opportunity to welcome you again in the near future. In the meantime we wish you all the best.   Kind regards  Jürgen Köhler, General Manager - Mövenpick Hotel Stuttgart Airport & Messe Read more