After pre booking an easy access room, an 80 year old lady with obvious difficulties in walking arrives at the hotel late at night and asks if she could be assisted in the morning with a wake up call and help with getting her and her suitcase to an early morning check in.  The check in then spends a while explaining why for legal reasons no one is allowed to assist her... its against hotel policy...!!!!!  A five star hotel who cant solve such an issue? Really...  After interjecting, her son informs the check in that in general most five star hotel in the world would quietly arrange f or  airport assistance, or if that was not possible would bell boy the ladies luggage to a waiting taxi, who would take her the 50 m as the crow flies( now 500 m) to the departure area. Being a…Read moreDate of stay: May 2017HelpfulShare Response from moevenpickhotel1, Manager at Mövenpick Hotel Stuttgart AirportResponded Jun 1, 2017Dear Guest,  Thank you for sharing your feedback of your most recent experience with us at the Mövenpick Hotel Stuttgart Airport & Messe. It is always helpful for us to get feedback on how our guests such as yourself are feeling within the hotel. As we cannot see the booking process we are not sure how you booked via booking.com however we definitely never received a request for an easy access room. We see however that you booked one or our rebated early saver rooms.  Regarding your comment about the early morning check in for the flight and the accompanying of a guest I can understand that you would expect this in a five star hotel with its appropriate prices and the needed manning. Even though, we as a four star property are not offering these services to our guests, we have a partner company at the airport which we contacted and ordered these services for your mother at 9 a.m. the next day while you were checking in with her. My employee had the sentiment that your mother was in total understanding of this situation. Unfortunately the employee hired by that company did not show up. However, our receptionist gladly accompanied the lady, your mother, to the airport terminal and assisted her with her luggage without any legal background. For the inconveniences concerning this I like to apologize. Please be assured that we have talked to the company in the meantime.  We cannot see in our system that a wakeup call was ordered and you can rest assured, that especially being an airport property we have all systems in place that an ordered wakeup call is executed.    You are right that there is a step into the shower which prevents the water from flooding the bathroom. I agree that if the step would be an obstacle if it would be 25cm high however, it is an architectural design and necessity and has a height of 15cm. This is part of every bathroom except for handicapped rooms.     Dear guest, we look forward to welcoming you back in the not too distant future so we can craft a memorable experience providing you with our Mövenpick Service.  Kind regards,  Jürgen Köhler, General Manager- Mövenpick Hotel Stuttgart Airport & Messe Read more