No free parking even if only to get your bags out of the car when you check in. The bathroom shower has a floor length window into the bedroom facing the floor length Window outside which only has blinds you cannot adjust. They are "automatic" inside the window pane.  So you can see the parking garage as you shower. Few tv channels have English subtitles. The wifi is slow. Our meal was under cooked and threw waitress was visably annoyed when we asked what am item was on the menu.  The coffer is instant,  and the water kettle is kept in the bathroom. Read moreReview collected in partnership with Mövenpick Hotels & ResortsDate of stay: March 20171 Helpful voteHelpfulShare Response from moevenpickhotel1, Leiter Gästebetreuung at Mövenpick Hotel Stuttgart AirportResponded Mar 28, 2017Dear guest,  I am writing to you following your recent stay with us at the Mövenpick Hotel Stuttgart Airport & Messe and I would like to thank you for taking time to complete our online survey. It is always helpful for us to get feedback on how our guests such as yourself are feeling within the hotel.  Thank you very much for comment and ratings pertaining your most recent experience. We have noted your comment regarding the service and the kitchen.   I want also to apologize for the inconveniences you had in our restaurant. I’m very sorry to hear, that the restaurant service and the meal was not to your satisfaction. I also want to make sure, that our highest goal is to satisfy our guests. Once we have more information, the restaurant manager and Executive Chef will talk to the responsible persons and we will do our best to avoid such a situation in the future.  I’m very sorry, that we didn’t come up to your expectations about the breakfast and that our breakfast buffet is too expensive for you. In our Mövenpick Hotel Stuttgart Airport & Messe you have the free choice between the breakfast buffet with over 150 items, a little breakfast which is less expensive, or you can order from the breakfast menu. In this case we charge only what you have consumed. On our website we offer also some rates in which breakfast is included for a lower rate.   I’m also very sorry that you didn’t feel comfortable about the glass in the toilet area and between the shower and the bedroom. You stayed in one of our Queen bed rooms. These rooms are all with a clear glass window between the bath and the bedroom. In our twin rooms with two separate beds, the window is frosted. All our rooms have the window in the room, but if you like we can make a note, that you prefer a twin room for your next stay.   Dear Mrs. Smith I am glad to inform you that all parking areas at the Stuttgart airport are managed by the company Apcoa. So this company rent us our parking space and we can give a reduction of 50% on the regular price to our hotel guests. The driveway in front of the hotel can always be used to load or unload however is a fire prevention area.   We look forward welcoming you back to the Mövenpick Hotel Stuttgart Airport & Messe very soon.   I wish you a great day!   Sincerely   Victoria Zimmermann Guest Relations – Mövenpick Hotel Stuttgart Airport &  Messe Read more