Stayed here many times for business & it's definitely one of my favourite hotels.  If you like quaint, personal hotels, you'll hate this one.  However, if you like your hotels carved from solid granite where everything does exactly what it's supposed to (including the staff) you'll love it.  Every time the rooms are spotlessly clean, everything works properly, Swiss precision, built in Germany, friendly, helpful staff, good food. Only drawback is the price, which can be expensive at times, depending on the exhibition centre I guess, but when it's not busy, can also feel like a real bargain. Breakfast is way too expensive (€24), particularly if you only want coffee & toast - there really should be a light breakfast option for those of us who don't have the time or the appetite to…Read moreDate of stay: March 2017HelpfulShare Response from moevenpickhotel1, Leiter Gästebetreuung at Mövenpick Hotel Stuttgart AirportResponded Mar 15, 2017Dear Guest,  Thank you for having chosen the Mövenpick Hotel Stuttgart Airport & Messe and for having taken the time to rate us on TripAdvisor.  It is a pleasure to read, that you enjoyed your stay with us and that you highlighted our hospitality.   Regarding your comment of our breakfast charges, we do offer only sustainable and regional products as well as our own Mövenpick brand products at the breakfast buffet with over 150 items including all warm beverages and a large variety of on the spot made items. Therefore we think that the price is justified. We are very sorry, that we missed to offer our a la carte option. Please contact our restaurant team at your next stay.  Thank you for your comment regarding our Wellness area. Next to our Gym area, we are offering different saunas, a steam bath and other relaxing zones.  Due to structural reasons our GYM & EASE doesn't include a pool.   Nevertheless, we hope to have the opportunity to welcome you again. We wish you all the best.   Kind regards from Stuttgart,   Victoria Zimmermann, Guest Relations - Mövenpick Hotel Stuttgart Airport & Messe Read more