Stayed as couple for 1 night end of December to mainly enjoy nice dinner in their restaurant which we had in great memory from some years back. Well aware of this period being low season, bar closed, etc. all no problem for us.  Called in before arrival and asked for a room in high floor with possible airport / plane view, thought should be no issue given the low occupancy that time of year.  Arrived at hotel around 5pm to find the check-in desks completely unmanned, had to wait some time until agents showed up. Allocated a noisy room in second floor facing the five lane expressway in front of hotel and view of exhibition area - pretty much the exact opposite of what has been asked for... This made a very bad start together with the really inappropriate behaviour of check-in…Read moreDate of stay: December 2018HelpfulShare Response from moevenpickhotel1, Manager at Mövenpick Hotel Stuttgart AirportResponded Jan 4, 2019Dear Guest,  Thank you for sharing details from your recent stay and for giving us the opportunity to do necessary improvements. Rest assured that I have shared this with each department involved. We will address the shortfalls to ensure that we continue to perform at the high level of quality we consistently deliver at the Mövenpick Hotel Stuttgart Airport. There were obviously shortcomings during your stay, for which we sincerely apologize, and which we can guarantee would not be present on a return visit. Your comment that you had the feeling that we are arrogant hurts even more, as we always strive to deliver an authentic and pleasurable service. I do hope you will return to experience our usual high level of guest service and create far more pleasant memories.  We are pleased to learn of your positive experience during your breakfast and will certainly share your appreciation with Ms. Sperl.     We appreciate receiving your feedback as an opportunity to improve our services and guest experiences. I would like to have the opportunity to get in contact with you directly to learn more about your stay. Please do contact me directly via e-mail at juergen.koehler@movenpick.com.  Sincerely,  Jürgen Köhler, General Manager - Mövenpick Hotel Stuttgart AirportRead more