I've wanted to stay here for quite a while and had the chance due to an early morning flight ex-Stuttgart. On check-in, receptionist quoted a rate including breakfast which I refused, and which dropped the rate by 20 Euros.  On checking out, another receptionist tried to charge the original price, claiming I'd had breakfast.  When it was determined I had not, she then said, oh, well, you were given an upgraded room and have to pay for that.  Again I refused; I demanded to see my registration card which showed the rate agreed upon at check-in.  Begrudgingly she accepted this, however she did say that she would have to confirm this original rate with her colleague who had checked me in before she would close out the account.  This is a great hotel, but being bullied by reception…Read moreDate of stay: January 2017HelpfulShare Response from jkoehler, Geschäftsführer at Mövenpick Hotel Stuttgart AirportResponded Jan 13, 2017Dear Guest,  thank you for having taken the time to give us a personal feedback regarding your stay at the Mövenpick Hotel Stuttgart Airport & Messe on TripAdvisor.  Suggestions and critics always help us to improve ourselves in order to meet our guests ‘expectations. I offer my sincerest apologies for the discomfort that has been caused to you.  Your comment about your experience is very important for us and we will investigate it immediately.   After consultation with the employees at my reception, we can definitely say, that it was a misunderstanding  and unfortunately, sometimes where people work mistakes happen. The employee at check in gave you a free upgrade, missed however, to take out the automatic surcharge in the system. This is where the confusion and misunderstanding came from. I am sad to hear, that you would take this incident to refrain from coming back.   With certainty our employees should have handled your complaint in a more sensitive manner and again I like to apologize for this matter, however, we are well known for our service mentality and its a pitty, but not inevitable, that we too make mistakes.   Dear Guest, we would very much welcome the opportunity to welcoming you again and convince you about the quality of our service. I would like to assure you, that we can do it better.  Best regards  Jürgen Köhler General Manager Read more