Conveniently situated hotel directly infront of the airport and is a stop for the Metzinger outlet mall shuttle ( €10 pp return trip)  Loved the modern neat room that was clean and spacious  I would have given it 5 stars but I Did not like the glass panel between shower and bedroom (important if you were sharing a room with someone you do not want watching you shower) Pillows were very thin and had no body/firmness in them and the shower lever was broken (I did complain and it was not fixed) so you had to hold the shower head to use. Very limited bathroom amenities (one liquid dispenser for shower gel and shampoo etc), no earbuds etc amd they did not replenish my lotion or tissues the next day  I Appreciated the quirky touches like a yellow duck in the shower  If you like…Read moreDate of stay: December 2016HelpfulShare Response from moevenpickhotel1, Leiter Gästebetreuung at Mövenpick Hotel Stuttgart AirportResponded Dec 27, 2016Dear guest,  Thank you very much for your review on TripAdvisor and your stay in our Mövenpick Hotel Stuttgart Airport & Messe.   It is a pleasure to read that you like our lovely hotel.  Thank you for your comment regarding the window in the bathroom. The idea of the hotel´s designer was to provide a bright bathroom with natural daylight. We are sorry that we do not meet your taste. We have rooms with frosted glasses to the bath room. For your next reservation, please do not hesitate to inform our team of the reservation department, that you would like to prefer a room with frosted glass.    To ensure you a good night sleep, we offer you a choice of special pillows like neck supporting cushion or pillows which are filed with spelt or millet. Please do not hesitate to contact our reception team for individual bedding wishes or any additional assistance. We are looking forward to welcoming you back during your next trip to Stuttgart.  In the meantime we wish you all the best.  Kind regards, Sara Nicolini - Guest Relations, Mövenpick Hotel Stuttgart Airport & Messe Read more