It was my second stay in the hotel. Nice upgrade to Senior Suite which was good appointed and sized.  What has to be improved: - service at the breakfast (slow and not attentive) - front desk (too formal and not always polite) - internet is very slow (in a business hotel!) - main restaurant (food quality is very average)  It's priced as a good 5 star hotel during conventions, so the service should be up to par.Read moreDate of stay: November 2018HelpfulShare Response from moevenpickhotel1, Manager at Mövenpick Hotel Stuttgart AirportResponded Nov 20, 2018Dear Guest,  Thank you very much for choosing our hotel once again and for sharing your feedback on your most recent stay.  It is great to see that you enjoyed the upgrade into our Senior Suite. For us it is always important to know how our guests feel within our hotel – so thank you for your comments.  Regarding the impression that you received from both our restaurant and front office personnel, we would like to assure you, that it is our highest goal to exceed our guests’ expectations every day and to prove our high service standards. We regret if we were unable to show you this and we would appreciate another chance to do so.  It is with disappointment that we read your comment regarding our wifi. We offer free wifi to our guest with 5 mbit, which can already be considered as high speed. Should this not be sufficient, there is the possibility to upgrade the internet speed for an additional charge. Please do not hesitate to contact our front desk staff during your next visit to assist you.  We are also disappointed that we could not meet your expectations in our restaurant. Following our sustainability promise, we use regional and sustainable products and it is very important for us to offer a rich selection of high quality food. Maybe we can convince you with it during your next stay.  Dear Guest, once again we would like to thank you for your open feedback and we are looking forward to welcoming you back again soon.  Kind regards  Jürgen Köhler, General Manager – Mövenpick Hotel Stuttgart Airport Read more