I stayed for one night in this hotel. It is just across the arrival terminal of the Stuttgart airport. Checkin was fast and the staff are friendly. My room was spacious and clean. The breakfast next morning was good enough and not included in my rate. I find the hotel too expensive in comparison to down town 4 star hotels. Mövenpick rates seems to be 50% higher. But if you want to stay in the airport area you don't have really a choice.Read moreDate of stay: July 2016HelpfulShare Response from moevenpickhotel1, Leiter Gästebetreuung at Mövenpick Hotel Stuttgart AirportResponded Jul 27, 2016Dear guest,  thank you very much for staying with us and your comment on TripAdvisor.  We are happy to read that you enjoyed your stay with us, the great service provided by our team and the great location near by the airport.   As in all Mövenpick Hotels & Resorts worldwide we are working with the best price policy. This means we always offer the best available room price at the time of the booking. The price setting depends on many factors, like trade fairs and congresses in Stuttgart, meetings and conventions in our hotel and further influences. Many airlines as well as international hotel chains are already working with these price settings. On the website of Mövenpick Hotels & Resorts we offer always the best available rates and early booking offers, on which you can save up to 30%.  Also we offer rates, which include or exclude the breakfast, so you as a guest can decide. Our early bird breakfast before 5:30 a.m. is free of charge. Due to the large variety – a total of more than 125 choices - and quality of food and beverage items including all hot beverages and to the minute prepared egg dishes we think that the price for the buffet is justified. However we also offer an a la carte selection.  It would be a pleasure to welcoming you back again. We wish you all the best.  Best regards  Victoria Zimmermann, Guest Relations – Mövenpick Hotel Stuttgart Airport & Messe Read more