I chose this hotel purely for location as I was attending an event nearby for this it cannot be faulted but my 3 stars is based on the lack of communication between staff and customer. The check in when I arrived was great, I was allocated my room straight away. He even confirmed my request for a non-smoking room so far so good, now I'd done some research before I went about where the smoking rooms are, as a severe asthmatic these are things I like to know, and knew they were on the 1st floor, so imagine my surprise when I get a room on the 1st floor to be told that "they are far enough away" well I'll be the judge of that thank you. As suspected when I entered room 1135 the smell of stale smoke was very strong, I don't think people realise that it gets brought through the…Read moreDate of stay: June 2016HelpfulShare Response from moevenpickhotel1, Geschäftsführer at Mövenpick Hotel Stuttgart AirportResponded Jun 30, 2016Dear Guest,   thank you for having taken the time to give us a personal feedback regarding your stay at the Mövenpick Hotel Stuttgart  Airport & Messe on TripAdvisor.com.  Suggestions and critics always help us to improve ourselves in order to meet our guest’s expectations. We offer our sincerest apologies for the discomfort that has been caused to you. Your comment about your experience is very important for us and we will investigate it immediately.  There is no excuse why we give you a room at the first floor, same floor as the smoking rooms. We do not want to damage your health. Thank you for your comment regarding the window in the bathroom. The idea of the hotel´s designer was to provide a bright bathroom with natural daylight.  Please excuse the misunderstanding referring the handling of the 20 Doller Voucher. The correct terms and conditions of our special offer are excluding room service and breakfast. I can only apologize and say that sometimes where people work mistakes happen and you are certainly right that this could have been handled much better.  We will refund an amount to your credit card.  We sincerely apologize for these inconveniences, this may have caused. Thank you for your understanding and your patience.  Dear Guest, nevertheless we hope to have the opportunity to welcome you again in the near future. In the meantime we wish you all the best.   Kind Regards from Stuttgart  Juergen Koehler General Manager – Mövenpick Hotel Stuttgart Airport und Messe Read more