The hotel is conveniently located directly at the airport in walking distance. Overall, the hotel including the rooms are kept in a modern and stylisch design.  Friendly service during checkin; very friendly and caring staff during my 3 nights stay.  For a 4* hotel I personally would expect more choices and variety on the room service menu; current menu would be okay just for the night menu, but not for just regular dinner.  Until here, not much to criticise; actually I do like the hotel.  However, the internet pricing frankly is ripoff. Yes, they do offer (with my room rate) internet access included ... but at very very very low speed only. With 10 Mbit/s (still comparably slow) you will be charged 18 EUR per day. For 3 nights I paid 54 EUR. For still slow internet! Though,…Read moreDate of stay: October 2015HelpfulShare Response from jkoehler, Geschäftsführer at Mövenpick Hotel Stuttgart AirportResponded Oct 27, 2015Dear Guest,  Thank you very much for sharing your feedback on TripAdvisor following your most recent stay at the Mövenpick Hotel Stuttgart Airport & Messe.  It is a pleasure to read, that you recommend the service provided by our Mövenpick team as well as the design of our hotel.   Thank you for your advice regarding our room service menu. We offer a choice of different dishes for room service. On request, we serve at any time a meal from our regular menu from the restaurant Trollinger as well. Please do not hesitate to give us a note during your next stay.  We would also like to thank you for your comment pertaining to our internet service. We do regret that the available internet options didn’t satisfy you and that this obviously caused you some inconveniences. It is correct, we offer free internet with 1 mbps in all our Superior rooms and with 5 mbps in all our Premium rooms, Junior Suites and Suites. We have decided to offer a higher bandwidth to our guests since the standard in most known 4 and 5 star hotels is either 512 kbps or even 256 kbps, which we are certain that most experienced traveler can confirm. The feedback we generally receive from the vast majority of our guests is that the free internet access is sufficient and that the further internet options are well priced. Before implementing the existing internet options we have done a research of hotels in major cities in Germany and as well as in Europe. According to this research most hotels do offer less bandwidth as free internet and charge higher rates for high speed internet then we do. As mentioned before, most hotels consider 512 kbps as free basic internet and a bandwidth of 1 mbps is considered mostly as high speed.   We do know that internet accessibility and connection is very important to our guests and therefore we do invest in the system and infrastructure continuously. Only this year we have upgraded our system and placed additional access points throughout the hotel and have enlarged the bandwidth available. And we will continue improving our services and facilities to offer the best possible internet to our guests. From there I am pleased to announce, that we offer the 10 Mbit internet connection for EUR 5,00 per day since a few days.  While we are disappointed to learn of your dissatisfaction regarding the internet service we are however pleased to see your ratings concerning our guest service and that in general you had a pleasant stay. We therefore hope that you will consider visiting with us again in the future so that we can provide you again with our hospitality. We are looking forward to your next stay with us and wish you all the best in the meantime.  Best regards  Juergen KoehlerRead more