Upon approach of the hotel ,modern chic,colourful, I was approached with the receptionist by the name of Victoria who was very pleasant and well-manner managed spoke very well English checking in time took no longer the five minutes.  Explain to me all the different breakfast options I had available. Victoria explained the Wi-Fi Too also she did the set up for me too which was nice of her to do. I was given the room with number 1144 on the first floor,  On first approach of the room wow with lion as the door knocker some thing different from other hotel  Nice.  Upon entering the room nice big hall plent of sun light plenty of  ambient lighting in the rooms as well as bathroom nice size bathroom with a shower / bathtub very nice and clean to perfection plenty of towels.  The heat…Read moreDate of stay: June 2015HelpfulShare Response from moevenpickhotel1, Guest Relations at Mövenpick Hotel Stuttgart AirportResponded Jun 18, 2015Dear Guest,   thank you for your fantastic comment about your stay for the Mövenpick Hotel Stuttgart Airport & Messe on Tripadvisor.  It’s a great pleasure to read that we could convince you with our modern interior design, the lighting atmosphere and the quiet rooms with those comfortable beddings. Thank you also for your comment regarding the air conditioning which is very quiet and where you can regulate individual temperature wishes by yourself.  Our aim is to provide our guests a comfortable and friendly atmosphere. Therefore your great feedback regarding our professional staff is very important for us. Please be sure, that I shared your lovely commendation with Victoria from the reception team.  Dear Guest, we are very happy that we could meet your expectations and that you will recommend us to other visitors. Thank you again for your detailed review about your stay in our Mövenpick Hotel Stuttgart Airport & Messe.  We are looking forward to welcome you soon again, in the meantime we wish you all the best.   Kind Regards   Anja Winter - Guest Relations, Mövenpick Hotel Stuttgart Airport & MesseRead more