This hotel is amazingly convenient for the airport. The rooms are of an excellent standard, well kept, clean an with some quirky additions. For example something I have last seen on great great grant aunties toilet cistern - a cosy for a spare loo roll, hand knitted!! loved it. Also the little yellow duck placed in the shower. All is very modern and clean. The door knock is almost british - a lions head with an old fashioned knocker. All very unusual and fun.  Then there is the Moevenpick merchandise, i.e. food. Their Jams are well known for their quality and taste, the chocolate fantastic and some put out free to sample. Yummy Ice Cream - Moevenpick is right up there. The restaurant is extremely good and the service superb. Just make sure you book. As this was a business trip…Read moreDate of stay: February 2015HelpfulShare Response from moevenpickhotel1, Guest Relations at Mövenpick Hotel Stuttgart AirportResponded Feb 26, 2015Dear Guest,  thank you for your fantastic comment about your business stopover at the Mövenpick Hotel Stuttgart Airport & Messe on Tripadvisor.com. We are very happy, that we could meet your expectations and that you like our friendly and helpful staff and our modern and clean rooms. Please be sure, that I will share your feedback with the whole team. Thank you for your useful remark regarding our Restaurant Trollinger and the Message Cafè & Bar. We regret, that you had not the possibility to have dinner in our Restaurant at the first evening. In fact, during fair periods we recommend a reservation, if possible. In our Bar, some classics and favorite snacks are a continual part of the menu, others we change several times during the year.  We regret, that we could not satisfy you with our actual offer. The menu in our Restaurant Trollinger usually changes three times a year. Additionally we have a smaller menu with seasonal offers and our “ Go Healthy” dishes. These dishes include plenty of seasonal, vitamin-rich products to ensure you benefit from the freshest ingredients and enjoy true food-life-balance. If you like to order something from the menu from our Restaurant Trollinger, please ask our Bar team for further assistance during your next stay. They would be happy to assist you.  Dear Guest, thank you once again, that you will recommend us to other guests with your comment. It will be a pleasure to welcome you back during your next trip to Stuttgart. In the meantime we wish you all the best.  Kind regards  Miriam Meier, Guest Relations Mövenpick Hotel Stuttgart Airport & MesseRead more