We stayed here our last night in Europe because it was convenient to the airport. And it is very convenient to the airport. The hotel was very nice cosmetically, but the resturant was ridiculously overpriced, and you have to pay for wifi if you use over a certain amount. But what really killed it for me was the shower. We went to take a shower the first night and the drain was clogged. There was no lip on the shower. so it was quickly running onto the floor. The night workers that came to fix it were super unprofessional, gigglying the whole time. They did fix it and the front desk offered us a bar of chocolate for the inconvenience. If we hadn't of showered that night and discovered the problem, when we woke up the next morning to get ready for the flight, we wouldn't have had…Read moreDate of stay: October 2014HelpfulShare Response from moevenpickhotel1, Geschäftsführer at Mövenpick Hotel Stuttgart AirportResponded Oct 31, 2014Dear TripAdvisor user ssreview480,  thank you for having taken the time to give us a personal feedback regarding your stay at the Mövenpick Hotel Stuttgart Airport & Messe on TripAdvisor.  Suggestions and critics always help us to improve ourselves in order to meet our guests ‘expectations. I offer my sincerest apologies for the discomfort that has been caused to you. Your comment about your experience is very important for us and we will investigate it immediately. There is no excuse why we didn’t see the problem in the shower before your arrival and I can only apologize and say that sometimes where people work mistakes happen. Even though there is a lip installed it would certainly not have helped in this situation. With certainty my employees should have handled your complaint in a more sensitive manner and again I like to apologize for this matter.  Regarding the Wi-Fi, I do understand your position. We are presently offering free Wi-Fi for rooms booked via our own homepage and on our two executive floors. As of 2015 we will offer this service on a basic bandwidth free of charge for all reservations at all Mövenpick Hotels and enhanced version at a charge.  Dear ssreview480, we would very much welcome the opportunity to welcome you again and convince you about the quality of our service. I would like to assure you, that we can do it better.  Kind regards  Juergen Koehler General Manager Mövenpick Hotel Stuttgart Airport & MesseRead more