we stayed in this hotel for 1 night only, since we came from JFK and rent a car and had a plan to go to zurich by car. the first thing that disappointed me was, they do not have valet parking! you should take your car to basement which is not free by yourself, more over they do not have a bellboy to help you with your loggage, the only service that they have is a trolley that you can put your loggage in it and take it to your room. the room was ok, thanks god they had smoking room :D but when i got hungry and dialed a room service amazingly they said that they do not serve a food till morning, and they recommended me mcdonald, so i wanted to go to mcdonald by car, and again i faced with another shocking thing. the parking gate was closed!!!! and no one was there to open it.…Read moreDate of stay: July 2014HelpfulShare Response from jkoehler, Geschäftsführer at Mövenpick Hotel Stuttgart AirportResponded Sep 3, 2014Dear Mr.Mohajeran,   thank you for having taken the time to give us a personal feedback regarding your stay at the Mövenpick Hotel  Stuttgart  Airport & Messe on Tripadvisor.com.  We regret, that we did not come up to your expectations. Please let me explain the points you mentioned.   As a 4* Superior Hotel we do not offer valet parking or a bell boy service and our rates are adjusted to this fact. However our reception team is always happy to assist you with your luggage during your stay. You are right that in a number of Moevenpick destinations around the world we do offer these services but in a 5 star surrounding.  Regarding the closed parking gate, please take into consideration that there is a button on the left next to the gate to open it and reachable out of the car. This is a pure safety issue and we do lock-in anybody who wants to leave the hotel with his car at any time. Even though for the last seven years we had no issue with that, we have redesigned the sign to make this even more clearer for our guests. Thank you for the hint.  As we offer 24h room service, our menu is limited after 23:00. Therefore we regret, that you could not find something suitable for you. Normally our reception team doesn’t recommend Fast Food Restaurants. Due to the late time of day and our location next to the airport, it could be possible, that this restaurant was the only possibility to get something warm to eat and therefore it was suggested as a service and alternative.  Dear Mr. Mohajeran, even though we could not live up to your expectations we hope to have the opportunity to welcome you again in our hotel. In the meantime we wish you all the best.   Kind regards from Stuttgart  Juergen Koehler General ManagerRead more