The staff at the hotel were very nice, and the majority of the service was excellent, the only issues with the Hotel itself was the air conditioning was lacking, and we had to pay for parking despite the fact that we were staying in the hotel.  We were on vacation in Germany for 2 weeks, and chose Stuttgart as a center point for everywhere we wanted to go, as it is close to many different places and sights.  While booking the hotel, (we booked it two weeks prior), we were not informed of a parking fee.  If the fee was a small amount, lets say 5 euros a day for peoples staying in the hotel, that would have not been a problem.   However our total parking bill was 364 euros for 14 days of parking 1 vehicle.  That comes out to almost 26 euros a day, or converted to USD $34.84 per…Read moreDate of stay: July 2014HelpfulShare Response from moevenpickhotel1, Leiter Gästebetreuung at Mövenpick Hotel Stuttgart AirportResponded Aug 19, 2014Dear Brock N,  Thank you for having taken the time to share your opinion about your stay at the Mövenpick Hotel Stuttgart Airport & Messe.  We are pleased that you found the location of the hotel as convenient for your sightseeing trip to Stuttgart and that you enjoyed your stay. Thank you also for the positive comment concerning our Team. I am happy to share it with my colleagues.  Regarding the air conditioning in your room, I am sorry that you had some issues with the temperature control in the room. Our front office team will be happy to assist you in case of any problems during your stay.  It is true, that our parking fee for guests amounts to 19,00 EUR per 24 hours. The parking garage is managed by another company, therefore we cannot offer parking for free. We have the possibility to offer our hotel guests a reduction of 50%. You will find all these information about arrival and parking on our www.moevenpick-hotels.com website.   Dear Brock N, we do hope to have the opportunity to welcome you again. Please do not hesitate to contact our reservation team for your next reservation. We would be happy to support you in advance with all information to your stay.  In the meantime, I wish you all the best.  Stephania Zimmermann Guest RelationRead more