I am currently staying with my colleagues in Movenpick, Stuttgart. Actually already booked 3 rooms.  Me and wife and one more co-worker of my company are smokers. While booking that hotel I asked smoking rooms both from booking.com and front desk. First day front desk  has placed us to first floor rooms and other co-worker the third room we booked to 4th floor because of he is non-smoker.  Today after a long meeting day I came to my room and faced with a paper actual signed by front desk manager is written on it that we suppose to pay 150 EUR for deep cleaning the room due to we smoked at room. Of course we have shocked. And we brought the ashtray to reception  which we found at room and asked is it really a non smoking room.. Even we have booked that room from booking.com as…Read moreDate of stay: November 2013HelpfulShare Response from jkoehler, Geschäftsführer at Mövenpick Hotel Stuttgart AirportResponded Dec 4, 2013Dear Sertac Tosun,  thank you for your feedback.  Your reservation was made with the special request for two smoking rooms and one non-smoking room.  In the reservation policies of booking.com there is an advice that we cannot guarantee smoking or non-smoking rooms at the time of reservation, and only at check-in a confirmation can be given. Due to a shortage of smoking rooms at time of check in we offered you one smoking room and two non-smoking rooms.  On each floor we have numerous signs advising about the smoking and non-smoking areas and additionally  in every non-smoking room there are advices about the cleaning charge and our handling. In your case in one of the non-smoking rooms we found cigarettes ashes in the coffee dishes supplied.  As ther was a apparently a misunderstanding on both sides we had already waived the cleaning charge of EUR 150,00 which you mention.  Dear Sertac Tosun, every single guest is very important for us and our aim is that every guest leaves the Mövenpick Hotel satisfied. Unfortunately we did not meet our own set standard in your case. We will try our best the next time around.  We remain with best regards  Jürgen KöhlerRead more