You will hear the planes in the morning (quite loud, compared to other airport hotels I've stayed at), but obviously, there is no other reason to stay here than the vicinity of the airport. The (excellent) breakfast is ridiculously expensive (22,50 €), an all-you-can-eat-breakfast table in a quality central cafe in most european cities would not cost you half. No free WiFi, which I find peculiar, compared to the overall standard.Read moreDate of stay: October 2013HelpfulShare Response from moevenpickhotel1, General Manager at Mövenpick Hotel Stuttgart AirportResponded Oct 16, 2013Dear guest,  First, I would like to thank you for having stayed at the Mövenpick Hotel Stuttgart Airport & Messe.  Thank you also for your honest feedback. Suggestions and critics always help us to improve ourselves in order to meet our guests ‘expectations.  It is true that our hotel is mostly appreciated for its closeness to Stuttgart airport but also because we are situated right next to Stuttgart trade fairs and international Congress center. You will also find very good railway connections to the city center right across the street.   Beside our breakfast buffet where hot drinks, egg specialties and fresh juices are also available in addition to the buffet , we also offer our guests the possibility to have an à la carte breakfast. I regret that you have not been informed about it by our service team and will communicate your comment to the team.  Thank you for your comment regarding the wifi connection. Herewith, I would like to inform you that we offer a free and unlimited wifi connection in all our room except in our Comfort category.  Our Executive rooms, for example, are situated on upper floors. You will benefit from the free wifi, a bottle of water, a bathrobe, and free newspapers , as well as the possibility for a late check-out at 2.00 pm.  We would very much welcome the opportunity to welcome you again and convince you about the quality of our service.  Kind Regards Jürgen Köhler General ManagerRead more