It's a very nice Hotel but to expensive regarding the services. In this class hotel I don't understand why we have to pay 27€ per 24H for internet. In almost hotel in the world the WIFI is for free. Also impossible to change the inside room temperature????? Air conditionning policy??? For this price, the next time I will book an other Hotel.Read moreDate of stay: June 2013HelpfulShare Response from moevenpickhotel1, Manager at Mövenpick Hotel Stuttgart AirportResponded Jun 18, 2013Dear guest,  Thank you for having taken the time to share your opinion about your stay.  Please be informed that we only have two 24 hour- Internet offers: For Emailing and surfing the web, you will pay 12€ per 24H or 17€ per 24H for our “Business and multimedia” offer providing a higher data rate. Do not hesitate to contact us directly if another rate has been charged to you.  Added to this, in all our rooms, a free connection is included except in comfort rooms. In our executive rooms, junior suites, and suites you will also benefit from additional services such as a late check-out for example.  Regarding the temperature in your room, I would like to apologize for the discomfort that has been caused to you. Please rest assure that the air conditioning system is independently adjustable in each room in that you can decrease or increase the temperature by 3 degrees. Should the outside temperature be cold enough and under 11 °C, the air conditioning would not be useable. This has been recently changed in order to satisfy the expectations of our guests. Before the AC would not be useable as of an outside temperature of 15 °C.  Our system is regulated in order to avoid any energy misusage. Unfortunately, as I do not know when exactly you stayed with us, I am not able to provide you with an adapted answer. Should you be willing to receive a more individual answer to your feedback, please do not hesitate to contact us directly.   We hope to receive another opportunity to welcome you at the Mövenpick in Stuttgart and convince you about the quality of our amenities.   Kind Regards Tiaré de Vries Online reputation managerRead more