This is a real find of a hotel. OK so you will probably never stay there, unless you are travelling through Stuttgart Airport or attending something at the massive exhibition centre. Which is a shame because this hotel give a real sense of occassion. The lobby is on the first floor, and the walls of cuckoo clocks are indeed impressive. The rooms are large and very nicely decorated. The black slate bathroom is stunning - and the window between the shower and the bedroom is interesting / or potentially great fun depending on your reason for staying.  So what could possible be a problem with such a lovely hotel?  Well the first is my pet hate of 24 hour internet connections that cost 17 Euros! This is just a rip off and unless more people complain then hotels will continue to make…Read moreDate of stay: July 2011HelpfulShare Response from moevenpickhotel1, Leiter Gästebetreuung at Mövenpick Hotel Stuttgart AirportResponded Aug 3, 2011Dear PrivatePit,  We highly appreciate your comments because that gives us the motivation to keep up with our high standard of hospitality.  The Mövenpick Team Stuttgart is very pleased to hear that you were satisfied with our hotel, the interior design and the quality of service our employees provided.    Thank you for your proposal concerning the costs of the Internet. I would like to inform you, that the Internet is included if you book our executive rooms. Otherwise charges for internet are staggered in price and time. The executive rooms are also equipped with other benefits such as a late check out, a mineral water, a bathrobe and a pair of slippers.   Furthermore, I registered that you were not satisfied with the food in our bar. We have already discussed your point of criticism with our employees, in order to make sure that we will pay more attention to those things in future. We would like to assure you that we pay careful attention to feedback such as you have provided.  Dear PrivatePit, we would be pleased if you would still come back to visit us so we have the opportunity to convince you of our services.   Sincerely,  Guest RelationsRead more