The hotel is beautiful (inside), has a great restaurant, great bar, great service, very nice rooms and is very quiet.  But in late March, I had a group with eight rooms on three different floors and wings. ALL OF US had trouble with keeping our rooms cool enough to sleep. Our rooms were in the high 70F range overnight while it was 45F outside. The AC units simply couldn't cool the rooms, even in cold weather. As a tour leader, I had many upset clients.   At 2am we changed to another room, thinking we were the only ones suffering. Unfortunately, the new room as as hot as the last. 45 minutes later we had them open the window in our room (normally locked with a security tool) to cool the room. To do so, we had to sign a waiver releasing the hotel from liability if we fell out.…Read moreDate of stay: March 2011HelpfulShare Response from moevenpickhotel1, Leiter Gästebetreuung at Mövenpick Hotel Stuttgart AirportResponded May 4, 2011Dear sidelinesports,  We regret to learn that the air condition was not performing as expected.  We would like to apologize for the troubles you had with the temperature control and by changing the room.  After receiving your message, we made enquiries regarding the functionality of our air condition system and could not find any malfunction. Could you please advice on the exact date you have stayed so we could investigate further. We will nevertheless try to find additional measures to be taken to further improve the air condition system.  Due to security reasons we are forced by law to keep the windows tilt however after your comment we have adjusted the procedure for signing.  We feel sorry to hear, that you were so unsatisfied that you neither are planning to stay with us again nor would you recommend us to your friends and colleagues. Every single guest is very important for us and our aim is that every customer leaves the Mövenpick Hotel absolutely satisfied.  As it is very important for us to talk about this complaint personally please do not hesitate to contact me by phone 0049 (0) 711 553 44 9105 or e-mail ulrike.fahrenholz@moevenpick.com.  We would certainly appreciate, if after all you would give us a second chance.   Sincerely,  Guest Relation ManagerRead more