Overall my experience was very, very good...If you are here for a business meeting or have an early flight then hotel is literally 20 seconds walk (and right opposite) to Stuttgart Airport. The rooms were very clean, opening windows, (air con as well if required) very comfortable beds, spotless bathrooms and all very nicely designed. Staff were efficient and friendly. My only gripes were the additional cost of breakfast which is 21 Euros per day and the cost of broadband which is I think 6 Euros for 30 minutes. Coffees and drinks in the bar are actually quite reasonable. The cost of breakfast should be included in the room price and the broadband should be free in comparison to other hotels. An ideal hotel for business meetings and for the conference centre next door or for an…Read moreDate of stay: March 2011HelpfulShare Response from moevenpickhotel1, Leiter Gästebetreuung at Mövenpick Hotel Stuttgart AirportResponded Mar 4, 2011Dear Mr. 42man,  Thank you very much for taking the time and letting us know your opinion.   We appreciate your comments, because honest criticism gives us the motivation to maintain a high standard and great hospitality.    I’m really pleased that you liked the comfort of our furniture.  I registered that you found the price for the breakfast buffet as inappropriate.  I would like to let you know, that we also offer the possibility to have breakfast a la carte. Then you have the benefit of just paying what you consumed. On the buffet, we do offer a wide variety of different types of food, beverages, eggs and all the coffee specialties are included in the price of € 21, 00. Thank you for your comment and your understanding.  Just for information, I would like to let you know that the charge on internet is € 05, 00 for three hours or € 12, 00 for twenty-four hours. On the executive floor it is free of charge and in your meeting room five logins are included in the price.  Dear Mr. 42man, we are looking forward to welcoming you soon again.  Best regards  Guest RelationRead more