Stuttgart's two 5* hotels were unexpectedly fully booked and I had to stay in Mövenpick next to the airport. A friend of mine tecomm nudes this hotel and said it was fine in terms of rooms. Indeed, the rooms were quite fine though I was very surprised to find no slippers and bathrobe, neither shoe polish. I don't know if it's a standard for 4*. The bed was OK. What was not OK is the attitude of the staff at the reception. No smile, no basic courtesy. One guy was next to rude. Surname Rikhtner(?). I told him when I was l leaving that that's the most indifferent next to ride attitude I ever met in this category of the hotels. And he said with an iron face "that's nice", and immediately startid jocking about this with his colleague at the reception. Incredible. First time and…Read moreDate of stay: December 2017HelpfulShare Response from moevenpickhotel1, Manager at Mövenpick Hotel Stuttgart AirportResponded Dec 21, 2017Dear guest,  Thank you very much for your stay in our property and your feedback on Tripadvisor.  We are happy to read that you liked your room and the comfort of the bed.  Also we would like to thank you for your feedback concerning the slippers and the bathrobe. These are available in our Premium rooms as well as in the Junior Suites and Suites. If you stay in one of our Superior rooms, we will be pleased to bring you slippers as well as a bathrobe to your room. Shoe polish is not available in all our rooms, of course we will also gladly bring it to your room.  Regarding the situation at our reception we sincerely want to apologize. Please be assured that we have already discussed it in our team and that it does not meet the standard as well as the philosophy of our house. Unfortunately our employee spoke German with his colleague right after communicating with you. However that conversation had nothing to do with you. He feels extremely sorry about the situation and the misunderstanding and wants to apologize for any inconvenience.  Dear guest, we are looking forward to welcoming you back again soon and wish you all the best in the meantime.  Kind regards  Jürgen Köhler, General Manager, Mövenpick Hotel Stuttgart Airport  Read more