What started out as a wonderful stay at the Gritti Palace has turned into a bit of a nightmare?  The hotel itself is lovely and the staff are really helpful but our problems started on checking out.  The checkout clerk showed me a copy of my invoice for €500, which I checked and agreed so a payment was put through on his computer system on my credit card.  When he then printed off the receipted invoice it showed I had paid €1300 - the clerk had processed another customer's bill on my credit card.  Lots of apologies were given and I was promised that a refund would be applied immediately for their error and a payment for the correct amount was then put through.  The revised payment went through but the promised credit just didn't happen.  When I chased this several days after my…Read moreDate of stay: February 2015HelpfulShare Response from ExecOffice-HtlGritti, General Manager at The Gritti Palace, a Luxury Collection HotelResponded Mar 19, 2015Dear Guest,  We would like to thank you very much for having chosen The Gritti Palace for your recent stay in Venice and are happy to learn that you had a wonderful stay with us up to the check-out process when an error occurred and your credit card was inadvertently charged with an amount which was not due.  By immediately recognizing the error and trying to recover it promptly, the refund was manually forced to speed up the process, being aware that the regular credit card refund process lasts about a fortnight.  The result of this action led to a system double crediting of the erroneously charged amount to your credit card, which was only ascertained a few days after.   In order to finally have the correct balance, we had to process a debit charge once again, however this was done with a lower amount to the extent of refunding you of the currency conversion charges you had meanwhile incurred.   We are really sorry for the whole occurrence which was partially a human error and partially a system failure, however, please allow us to mention that neither of these were intentional / premeditated nor with the aim of inappropriately taking the money.  On the contrary, the sequence of events following the mistake, was down to our readiness to refund you at the earliest possible time.  Should you need any further clarification we remain at your most complete disposal to continue the already on-going private correspondence.   We wish again to apologize and we hope that this inconvenience has not spoiled your overall experience at The Gritti Palace.  We really look forward to welcoming you back in the near future.  Yours sincerely,  Paolo Lorenzoni General ManagerRead more