All these years of traveling, my first review. Review more geared for those who travel with kids. 1. Location - nicely located, 5 minutes walk from Duomo and center of action.   2. Service - decent,  nothing special for this caliber hotel. 3. Amentities: a bit old, firm bed, decent bathroom.  The hotel was decent, but definitely not worthy of #2 ranking. I recently stayed at Gritti during mid Feb with my wife and child.  I selected this hotel based on tripadvisor recommendation and SPG status.  Interestingly, even though they are part of SPG, they don't honor any gold member benefit,  and since i booked trip via my american express travel, gym was an exclusion also, not that i was gonna use it with my kid hanging around my neck, on positive note, wifi was included.  We were…Read moreDate of stay: February 2015HelpfulShare Response from ExecOffice-HtlGritti, General Manager at The Gritti Palace, a Luxury Collection HotelResponded Mar 19, 2015Dear Guest,   Thank you for having reviewed The Gritti Palace and for having summed up in bullet points your observations. Please know that we greatly respect your comments and we are sorry for having let your expectations down to such an extent during your recent family stay.   We are particularly sorry to read that you perceived our hotel as not being welcoming to children, which is not in our spirit.   It must be said that The Gritti Palace is located in a magical city with a very high offering and therefore the majority of our guests are busy during the day with sightseeing and do not remain in the hotel’s premises. Additionally, ours is not a resort and consequently we are not offering those kind of services that are normally provided for children’s entertainment.   Nevertheless, we must reiterate that we do welcome children of any age and have had many of our former guests acknowledging it, both through private as well as public notes, as per some previous ones on this website.   We would furthermore be pleased to inform you about some other points you highlighted such as:   - our fitness center is open 24/7 and it is completely free to all of our guests, no matter how booking was entered;  - your judgment of our amenities as “a bit old” quite surprises us, given that The Gritti Palace has undergone a 15 month major restoration in 2012 reopening to the public in February 2013, hence only two years ago. All bathrooms were made using high quality Italian marble (not only on the floor but also on all walls) and our beds are the top selection from one of the most important bedding producers worldwide;   - we very much value our SPG loyal customers and always extend the exclusive benefits they are entitled to. As per your Gold level, you are entitled to an upgrade to a Preferred room based upon availability at check-in time. Much to our regret, not being currently in the position of checking the history of your stay with us, we cannot provide you with a more exhaustive reply. Nevertheless we must underline that the very few double rooms overlooking the Grand Canal (which are also the most expensive ones) are steadily sold out due to the large request for this room type.     We apologize most sincerely for not having recognized your discomfort during your stay with us and for the consequent lack of agility to recover it, that would have left you with a different impression.   We hope that you will allow us the possibility to show that your experience was an exception to a rule of strong commitment to tailored customer service.   Please contact us directly to define your future reservation, should your travel plans bring you back to Venice.  Sincerely yours,  Paolo Lorenzoni General ManagerRead more