We went to celebrate our 5th anniversary and had a brilliant time all in all !!! Only had a bad experience where 100 euros went missing from my bag which I had left in the room and the receptionist and the manager did nothing to get it checked or to compensate us for the loose but instead brushed the whole subject off by saying the staff would never do anything like that and we should go to the police if we need to make a complaint which was shocking to me as that is definitely not why's I expected from a 5 star hotel!!!   Food was absolutely perfect for dinner and breakfast!!! The staff in the restaurant were brilliant and the location and the rooms were perfect. Other than bitter taste due to this incident we had a great time .... Read moreDate of stay: October 2014HelpfulShare Response from ExecOffice-HtlGritti, General Manager at The Gritti Palace, a Luxury Collection HotelResponded Dec 29, 2014Dear Ibrown2009,   Thank you for having selected The Gritti Palace for your 5th wedding anniversary.   We are delighted to learn you had a brilliant time with us and enjoyed our world renowned services, however, we deeply regret reading your additional statement regarding the reported incident in your room. As advised at the time, we wish to reassure you that this type of incident has never been reported in the past at our hotel.    Your reported incident continues to concern and sadden us, and we fully empathise with you that you would have liked to receive a different reply when you brought the matter to our attention. Nevertheless, please be informed that should events of this type occur in Italy, they must be reported to the relevant institutions to allow an investigation to take place.  The hotel is neither in the position of investigating itself, nor taking any action, since any action from the hotel could interfere with an official investigation. Specifically, and as per Italian law, any statement or claim of any nature needs to be filed personally by the damaged person to the local authority for security, which will then proceed with the necessary research.  Please be assured that all actions undertaken by the hotel were strictly executed in accordance with existing laws and company procedures.   We do emphasise that the security of guests’ personal belongings is our priority.   All guestrooms are equipped with an in-room safe, and there are also safe-deposit boxes at the reception for additional security.    We are saddened our reaction to your reported incident was not to your expectation, and that the reported incident marred your stay with us.   We do consider our Guests as friends of The Gritti and would be pleased to have the opportunity to welcome you back in order to have you change your feelings.    Sincerely yours,   Paolo Lorenzoni General ManagerRead more