Stayed here for two nights. Had amazing weather and a great time in general. See below why i would only give it 4 stars:  Very nice things: - breakfast terrace is gorgeous  - great location  - Masi welcome bottle - concierge suggested us some nice places including the rooftop of the Bauer (despite being a competitor). That’s very professional!  Areas to improve: - no coffee maker in room/suite - in room ac control is illuminated all night (after being annoyed by this hotel kindly fixed it) - staff tends to give younger guests (I am 33...) attitude. Got weird looks when i walked out of the gym. Even when wearing a blazer i was several times asked if i am really a guest at the hotel when i wanted to go to the bar.  - even in suite the ceilings were very low.   Lots of kitsch in…Read moreDate of stay: August 20203 Helpful votesHelpfulShare Response from Paolo Lorenzoni, General Manager at The Gritti Palace, a Luxury Collection HotelResponded Aug 31, 2020Dear Guest,  Thank you very much for having chosen our Gritti Palace on your Venetian visit and for having listed both the aspects you enjoyed as well as those you did not appreciate, which are very helpful.  Concerning the areas to improve, please find below our comments.  Low ceiling: being our palace antique and protected by the Superintendency of Fine Arts, it must be preserved as it is and cannot be altered. Rooms differ from each other in size and ceiling height even within the same category.   Electric appliances, candles and inflammable liquids are forbidden in the rooms for safety reasons. As previously mentioned, our Palace is antique and fragile as much as whole Venice is.  So sorry to read that you perceived a kind of attitude, which can only be ascribed to a personal feeling. The fact that you were asked several times if you were a guest at the hotel when going to the bar, is because we do track internal and external patrons.  Gym: we do monitor its use as it is at the exclusive disposal of our hotel customers.  We also regret to learn that our décor does not match with your taste. One of the peculiar aspects of our hotel is that it retained the feeling of a private mansion, featuring antique furniture, paintings, and carpets despite the actual end use.  We are very pleased that you had overall a great stay with us and look forward to your return for a five star experience!  Paolo Lorenzoni General ManagerRead more