While we only had the chance to spend two nights, our stay at the Gritti Palace was possibly perfect. We were warmly greeted, and it seemed as if the staff knew who we were even as they helped us disembark from the water taxi. Checking in was a breeze, and we were quickly escorted to our suite, despite minor computer snafus. As SPG Gold members, we were upgraded to a 1 bedroom suite with a view of a small canal. I admit I was a bit worried about sounds and smells, but neither was an issue.  We were greeted with a complimentary bottle of wine and a small box of chocolates. The room was well stocked with other beverages, too. The staff went out of their way to be helpful and their suggestions/recommendations were spot on. They managed to make everything easy, despite my traveling…Read moreDate of stay: November 2014HelpfulShare Response from ExecOffice-HtlGritti, General Manager at The Gritti Palace, a Luxury Collection HotelResponded Dec 23, 2014Dear Guest,   Thank you very much for your compliments. Perfection is what we always focus on and aim for!  We are delighted to read that you were pleased with the upgrade to a Sestiere Suite and that you did not experience any of the negative aspects you had foreseen being it facing a small side canal.   We will make sure that your appreciations for the staffs’ caring attitude will be transmitted to them, thank you very much.  The Gritti Palace is indeed centrally located and at walking distance to major attractions, however please let us explain that the access you had witnessed to the opposite side of the Grand Canal was only a temporary one.  That bridge is in fact built each year in November for just few days, in occasion of the Festa della Madonna della Salute, celebrated in the Basilica di Santa Maria della Salute (Basilica of St. Mary of Health), one of city’s largest churches.  In 1630, the Venetian Senate decreed that if the people were spared from the raging plague that had killed about a third of the population, a new church would be built and dedicated to the Virgin Mary. Venice was so delivered, and Architect Baldassare Longhena, only 26 years old, was selected to design the new church – La Salute. The popular religious feast commemorates still today the city’s deliverance.   We hope you will be soon coming back to Venice and to your new Venetian address!  Best regards,  Paolo Lorenzoni General ManagerRead more