It is also hard to find something original to say about the Gritti.   I was aware if it's reputation, of course, and was a little apprehensive that the room type we were allocated (a Venetian Room, which is by no means the most expensive), might be a converted broom cupboard, or next to the  kitchen, or in some other way be sub standard.  It wasn't!  It was beautifully furnished. I have had larger rooms in Venice, but it wasn't cramped and had everything in it, all to a very high standard and beautifully antique.  I believe the Venetian rooms retained their original theme during the recent major restoration project, and that each is individually styled.  Yes, as commented in another review, there are no tea making facilities, but my experience of Venice and Italy suggests that…Read moreDate of stay: October 2014HelpfulShare Response from ExecOffice-HtlGritti, General Manager at The Gritti Palace, a Luxury Collection HotelResponded Nov 25, 2014Dear Guest,  A cordial thank you for your honest feed-back related to your recent sojourn at The Gritti Palace and for your praises.  We are very pleased to read that you enjoyed your beautifully furnished Venetian Style room and loved the comfort of our beds.  We do appreciate your apprehension about the room at time of booking, nevertheless we wish to reassure our customers that all our accommodations have been beautifully restored (your belief concerning the Venetian rooms having retained their original theme is correct) and the available pictures in our web site are their real reflection.  Naturally, distinctive room types are located in diverse parts of the building, all of them with specific characteristics and consequent differences to satisfy everyone’s need.  As far as the tea and coffee facilities in the rooms are concerned, please be informed that neither electrical appliances nor open flames are allowed in the guest rooms as per the local fire and safety regulations, being Venice a very fragile environment.  We are truly honored by your comments and by your recognition. Please allow us to proudly mention that whole Venice is a UNESCO World Heritage site, hence our Gritti is included in it!  Thank you for mentioning that you “would return tomorrow”…. it is our hope you WILL indeed return in a near future!  Best regards,  Paolo Lorenzoni General ManagerRead more