We have just returned from our 3 night stay at the refufbished Gritti & the rooms are indeed beautiful But no tea & coffee in the rooms ,the location is excellent with stunning views over the Saulte so to start the day having your breakfast on their terrace is a huge bonus for this hotel. My criticism would be that dinner was a huge disappointment & the most expensive meal we had on our entire trip. How they can make pasta taste so bad is a mystery I had ordered one for my main & the rest of my family had theirs as a starter so I tried them all & they were all bad so changed my order to another dish which when it came was equily bad I left this & even though they did notice it & asked if it was ok which I politely said no it was still left on the bill. What is bad is the extra…Read moreDate of stay: October 2014HelpfulShare Response from ExecOffice-HtlGritti, General Manager at The Gritti Palace, a Luxury Collection HotelResponded Nov 12, 2014Dear Guest,  Thank you very much for having posted your comments related your recent sojourn with us. It is most regrettable that your stay with us did not live up to your expectations due to the lack of service you detailed.  We are especially sorry to read that you perceived there was no manager to bring your discomfort to, since, as a matter of fact, the executive team is scheduled to always be available to our Guests with the exception of the nighttime.  Additionally, an internal procedure is in place in order to record eventual objections or incidents, which most unfortunately was not executed in the event you outlined.  Please be assured that your remarks will be taken into consideration and we will direct our efforts on both areas to ensure the usual high service level as well as care and concern towards our Guests at all times.   With regards to the mentioned absence of tea and coffee facilities in the rooms, please be informed that in accordance with the local fire and safety regulations neither electrical appliances nor open flames are allowed in the guest rooms.   It is our hope that you will reconsider your decision not to return to us. We would be delighted to welcome you back and do our best to change your mind.  Best regards,  Paolo Lorenzoni General ManagerRead more