We stayed at the Gritti Palace for two nights in October, 2014.  The hotel is in a plush, newly restored palazzo right on the Grand Canal; it used to belong to the 16th century Doge Andrea Gritti.  The hotel is about an 8 minute walk from Piazza San Marco, and is close to the Accademia Bridge; the Rialto Bridge isn't too far away either.  One of the vaporetto stops is also just outside the hotel...so it's wonderfully situated.   We had a standard room, overlooking a side canal, but the windows don't open all the way; so unless you're willing to do some gymnastics and crane your neck out, not much of a view.  The room was wonderfully appointed - chandelier, beautiful wallpaper, and a wonderfully large, modern marble bathroom.  They left us a good, complimentary bottle of wine -…Read moreDate of stay: October 2014HelpfulShare Response from ExecOffice-HtlGritti, General Manager at The Gritti Palace, a Luxury Collection HotelResponded Nov 12, 2014Dear Guest,  Thank you not only for recognizing the unique heritage of our historical hotel and for highlighting its perfect location, at a walking distance to all major attractions yet tucked away for the most understated and privileged of discerning guests and global explorers, but also for having expressed your opinion concerning the cost of the accommodation, which is equally important to us.   We are pleased to read that the room we assigned in your favour was of your liking, being well-appointed with precious Venetian fabrics covering also the walls, antique furnishings and Murano glass light fittings.  As per our web-site’s description, these rooms are facing a small side canal and offer a nice view of it, which is however not to be compared to the one expected by residing in a room facing the Grand Canal.  The reassuringly intimate and familiar feel that was – and still is – the peculiarity of our Gritti, a XVI century palace built as a private home for the noble Pisani family, followed by the distinguished Doge of Venice Andrea Gritti was intentionally retained also after the restoration. Hence, the public spaces are limited since they reflect the “private palace” style and ambience.    Although we do realize your concern related to the quotation, please allow us to underline that the values of all the components constituting our House are very subjective and we are very sorry if in this occasion they did not match with your expectations.  At the same time, please be informed that our hotel indeed offers a wide range of rates, which naturally match the demand. By travelling in low season, or in a period with low occupancy, our Guests have the opportunity to purchase accommodations at a more competitive rate.  Thank you very much for having given us the opportunity to highlight the different price ranges offered by our hotel.  We will be pleased to welcome you back should your travel plans lead you once again to Venice.  Please feel free to contact our Executive office if we may assist you in any way.   Best regards,  Paolo Lorenzoni General ManagerRead more