We stayed here at the end of a 12 day trip to Rome, Florence and Venice. My first impression of the room we were given was great disappointment. It was along the small canal with 2 small windows, no sunlight and the view was a wall of the building across the small canal about 12 feet away. In the morning the canal is used by utility boats to deliver supplies and take away garbage so its very noisy. I suspect that there are about a dozen rooms that have this problem and the hotel only uses them when its very busy. The manager sensed our disappointment and after one night a much better room facing the square was found and we were extremely pleased. Kudos to him for doing this but the first room should be just be classified as a standard room and priced accordingly.  Everything…Read moreDate of stay: October 2014HelpfulShare Response from ExecOffice-HtlGritti, General Manager at The Gritti Palace, a Luxury Collection HotelResponded Oct 29, 2014Dear Guest,  Thank you very much for having chosen our Gritti Palace for your Venetian sojourn and for having shared your mixed feelings with us.  We regret to read that the first room you stayed at was not of your liking due to its position, and on the other hand, we are delighted that we perceived your disappointment and were able to transfer you to a Giglio Prestige double room, west-facing over the square, surely a brighter location.  Your comment gives us the opportunity to clarify that we do always assign to our customers the room they booked, if not an upgraded one, since downgrades NEVER apply.    Please be informed that your "first night" accommodation is indeed classified as a standard room (the first price level) whereas the Giglio Prestige you moved to is two categories up, with an accordingly fixed price variance.  We hope that the above explanation clarified the matter and wish to thank you once again for having given us the opportunity to do so.  We are any time at your disposal and look forward to welcoming you back in order to take good care of you from the very first moment you arrive.  Best regards,  Paolo Lorenzoni General ManagerRead more