I may be the lone voice of dissent on Tripadvisor, but we just didn't think the Gritti Palace was all that wonderful.  Our family were there for a few days in a large suite with a connecting room, and our stay was blighted by a few glitches that would seem minor but for the reputation of this hotel and its exorbitant prices.  Unlike our experience at other hotels of this calibre, we were never addressed by name when arriving or leaving the hotel; sometimes we weren't acknowledged at all by the (supercilious) door or front desk staff, who didn't even make eye contact.  Upon our arrival, we requested a rollaway bed for one of our teenagers (he prefers to stay in the living room of the suite, rather than share a room with his sibling); whereas this request is normally granted in…Read moreDate of stay: October 2014HelpfulShare Response from ExecOffice-HtlGritti, General Manager at The Gritti Palace, a Luxury Collection HotelResponded Oct 17, 2014Dear Guest,  We wish to thank you for having posted your valuable feed-back on Tripadvisor, being all comments important to us, since they allow us to monitor our Guests’ satisfaction and the service level provided.  We are truly sorry if your experience at our Gritti did not live up to your expectations due to the multiple mishaps you encountered in different departments.  The issues raised are certainly not reflective of the usual standards of our hotel and of the care devoted to our Guests.  We are also concerned by the fact that none sensed your disappointment during you stay, neither were the mentioned inconveniences directly reported to the management. We assure you that we would indeed have done our best in order to rectify your feelings prior to your departure.  We would be interested in learning more about the events that lead to your dissatisfaction in order to address them and prevent these from happening again. Please get in touch with the Executive Office (liana.quagliotto@starwoodhotels.com) and let us have your contact details, thank you very much.  At the same time, given that you considered the concierge interaction related to the external restaurants the oddest experience, please allow us to only try to give you a reasonable reply. We will not try to find a justification, however we are sure of your understanding that giving restaurant recommendations is not an easy task as it involves personal tastes and expectations. Moreover, as you might have read in other reviews, the suspicious of something hidden behind a suggestion sometimes shines through.  Given the above, along with the fact that a large part of our Guests make extensive researches prior to their arrival, hence they are simply asking for a further comment from our side, the concierge does normally ask for a possibly existing list of “preferred” restaurants.  Please be assured that it was not meant to be unwelcoming and we will work on a more personalized approach in the future.  We hope you may revise your opinion and allow us another opportunity to display you the best of our hospitality and consideration.  Best regards,  Paolo Lorenzoni General ManagerRead more