Pics don't do this place justice and they do a pro job at check in, with the bellman, and the service staff. My room was spotless, the location central and the view from the terrace spectacular. The furnishings were luxurious and my room which they upgraded graciously was spacious and perfect.   If I had to ding them for anything it's that they weren't able to put themselves in the shoes of their guests. We had a horrible travel day full of traffic and road delays of more than 4 hours, doubling the time it should have taken. After arriving after 10pm we were tired and starving. We packed a small bag as we weren't staying long and only had the clothes we were wearing, which didn't meet the attire standards for the restaurant in the hotel. all we had were shorts and polo shirts…Read moreDate of stay: September 2014HelpfulShare Response from ExecOffice-HtlGritti, General Manager at The Gritti Palace, a Luxury Collection HotelResponded Sep 15, 2014Dear Guest,  Thank you for taking the time to share feedback from your recent stay.   We are delighted to hear your overall experience at our hotel was positive and the majority of your interaction with our staff was up to your expectations. At the same time, there is no doubt that your arrival experience is not a reflection of the usual service standard of our hotel and the care and concern towards our Guests.  We are truly sorry that more attention was given to the restaurant dress code instead of fulfilling your needs, after such an adventurous and tiring travel.   Behind you experiencing such an unpleasant welcome, what we do also regret is the lack of empathy and proactivity since, besides the restaurant, food is served through other hotel outlets as well, both the Bar Longhi as well as the room-service and regretfully this wasn’t offered to you by any team member.. Moreover, exceptions may sometimes indeed apply.  Please accept our apologies and be assured that we will take the necessary measures to ensure a different approach in the future and we would be delighted, since you appreciated the other services, the cleanliness and the luxury our hotel, to have an opportunity display the best of our hospitality in the future.  Sincerely yours,  Paolo Lorenzoni General ManagerRead more