We spent three wonderful nights in August and had a most enjoyable and romantic experience in this classy hotel which is situated in one of Venice's best locations. Our room was immaculately clean and the decor exquisite. The breakfast selection was somewhat repetitive and the evening meal disappointing especially as it cost over £200. When we made the dinner reservation they booked us in an hour earlier than we had requested and then seemed somewhat put out when we turned up at the correct time. Our real gripe was on checking out. Our flight was not until 11pm, but the latest we could check out from our room was by 3pm. We were told that if we wanted to keep our room (even though it had not been sold) until we were due to leave at 8pm, we would have to pay the price for another…Read moreDate of stay: August 2014HelpfulShare Response from ExecOffice-HtlGritti, General Manager at The Gritti Palace, a Luxury Collection HotelResponded Aug 28, 2014Dear Guest,  Thank you for taking the time to share feedback from your recent stay. While we are sorry that your stay was not as seamless as it should have been, we are delighted to hear you “had a most enjoyable and romantic experience at our hotel”.   With regards to the highlighted points, we are sure you had already been informed that check-out time is noon as per the larger majority of hotels worldwide. It is easily understandable that these rules do apply for everyone’s comfort, both the Guests on departure as well as the ones arriving.  Please be informed that the demand for late check-out is that high, and we are sure you do appreciate the impossibility of steadily granting it.   Particularly, when the request is related to an evening check-out (08.00 p.m.) then the hotel is effectively occupying one accommodation without potentially the possibility of selling it for the coming night and fulfilling other clients’ needs.   As per our company’s Loyalty Program, the SPG Guests with Gold and Platinum status are granted 04.00 p.m. late check-out, preferential treatment that was exceptionally accorded to you, although having an SPG A status.  We certainly agree that small gestures can create memorable experiences and we are sorry if we missed this important target in occasion of your visit; however, we are sometimes unable to extend them, especially in case of very high occupancy as the one we were running on the day of your departure.  We hope to have the privilege of welcoming you back to The Gritti Palace and to fulfill all of your expectations.  Best regards,  Paolo Lorenzoni General ManagerRead more