Right off the bat, I did not like checking into the Gritti Palace Hotel.  The bellmen were rough (they were two), even breaking one of my suitcase wheels and the receptionist was listening to himself just like a parrot would repeat what it heard.  My room did not have a clear view to speak of despite me mentioning I wanted one in my booking.  The receptionist, who accompanied me to my room, simply ignored my commet altogether.  Secondly, I had booked a room for two persons and since the second person did not show up, the receptionist simply ignored the fact that the room was booked for two adults and changed it to single occupancy.  Regardless of this aweful start, my room was beautifully decorated taking inspiration from Venetian themes.  The bathroom was thoughtfully laid out…Read moreDate of stay: March 20191 Helpful voteHelpfulShare Response from DayTrip44222784780, General Manager at The Gritti Palace, a Luxury Collection HotelResponded Apr 12, 2019Dear hrmin973,  Thank you very much for having shared your honest and detailed feedback regarding your recent stay at The Gritti Palace.  We are very sorry that we were not able to transmit you the usual warmth and care that distinguishes the interactions of our team especially upon arrival and departure.  Please accept our apologies for the lack of consistency in delivering a flawless experience at our Restaurant and Bar on the occasions you visited them, which is not representative of our mostly praised attentive and detailed service.  Your comments have been duly noted by our Food and Beverage Director when you met him upon departure; they have been passed to the whole team to serve as further improvement as our main commitment is Guests’ satisfaction.  We hope you will give us another opportunity to welcome you back and we kindly invite you to contact the Executive Office at your convenience to further address your concerns regarding your damaged suitcase or to assist you with your future reservations to create a memorable second experience.  Best regards,  Paolo Lorenzoni General ManagerRead more