I don't write reviews very often. In fact I had to create a profile to write this one. Let me start by saying the Gritti Palace is a beautiful property in a great location on the Grand Canal. The terrace is a great spot to sit and relax and watch the gondolas go by. The service is good, but you would expect that from a Category 7 Starwood property that costs $1500/night or 35,000 Starpoints.   I have been to many Starwood properties and never felt more uncomfortable than I did here. I felt like all of Venice (including this hotel) just wanted me to leave my wallet behind. I am not opposed to spending money, I just want to feel the costs justify it. At $1500/ night, it most definitely was not worth it. I made a "Green Choice" for my two night stay. That means for $1500/night I am…Read moreDate of stay: May 2014HelpfulShare Response from ExecOffice-HtlGritti, General Manager at The Gritti Palace, a Luxury Collection HotelResponded Jun 30, 2014Dear Guest,   We appreciate your honest feedback and we are truly sorry to read of your sentiment towards The Gritti Palace and Venice in general.   We furthermore regret that your bad feeling was enhanced by the Green Choice program, which, associated with the Unicef program created unfulfilled expectations.  As a matter of fact, our Company is very sensitive to Sustainability and to Charity with the consequent implementation of several programs over the years, among which the aforementioned “Green Choice” and Unicef’s “Check-out for Children”.   Nevertheless, not all brands do equally participate to the programs and most unfortunately, the statement of the above programs’ cards is generic and does not fully apply to our hotel. We are sorry for your disappointment.   We invite you to contact the Executive Office (through my PA, please, at liana.quagliotto@starwoodhotels.com) and to let us have your contact details. It will be our pleasure to further address the above and to take personal care of your concerns.   Thank you for taking the time to bring your discomfort to our attention; your comments will not go unheard and we will do our utmost in order to clarify the different programs in place in order to avoid possible future misunderstandings.  As a valuable SPG guest, it is our hope that, one day, you may consider a return stay to The Gritti Palace!  Best regards,  Paolo Lorenzoni General ManagerRead more