Amazing location, smart classical interiors, fine wine and food with fab views of S. Maria d Salute.  We stay all over the world and realise we are lucky enough for all our breaks to be both 5* luxury desitinations and 5* Hotels. We expect to pay a hefty price but in return we anticipate the kind of service which "just happens" nothings a poblem. As we have lmitied time we tend to rely on concierge perhaps more than we should do, but in a 5* hotel we do expect concierge to be at the top of their game. Tell them roughly what we want to do and let them get on an organise everything. Sadly concierge at the Gritty just doesn't meet that test. Everything we asked for boats, guides, entrance tickets etc were met with complications as to why things might be difficult, why something…Read moreDate of stay: May 2014HelpfulShare Response from ExecOffice-HtlGritti, General Manager at The Gritti Palace, a Luxury Collection HotelResponded May 27, 2014Dear Mr. and Mrs. Goodwin,   First of all thank you very much for having chosen The Gritti Palace for your Venetian sojourn.   Being luxury travelers, hence very much used to a high standard of services, we are pleased that generally speaking The Gritti lived up to your expectations, however and most regretfully, with the exception of the Concierge desk.   We are concerned by your disappointment with the Concierge’s attitude, as its services are often the ones contributing in the creation of a more -or less- remarkable and enjoyable experience.  We have immediately tried to collect any available information; the feedback received from the Concierge is not detailed and consequently not exhaustive. According to our records, the Concierge has provided you with entry tickets to Palazzo Ducale as well as arranged for a boat at your disposal to visit Burano and the northern lagoon.   However, it appears from your comments that your dissatisfaction was more related to the manner the service was delivered and how you perceived it, rather than to the service itself.  We are really sorry for the inadequate assistance provided and we wish to assure you that there will be a follow up on the subject you brought to our attention.  We all look forward to your next visit, since we are eager to improve your impressions of our service.  Yours sincerely,  Paolo Lorenzoni General ManagerRead more