We spent three nights at the Gritti Palace and could not have been more delighted with our choice. All staff were extremely friendly and helpful and whilst a five star hotel it was not in the slightest bit stuffy. Our rooms were serviced twice daily and we had an abundance of towels and goodies in the modern bathrooms. It was very easy and good fun to travel by water taxi from the airport directly to the hotel. Breakfast was delicious and all staff spoke good English and made us feel very welcome. I would recommend sitting out on the terrace by the canal and watching the very busy waterway. The hotel is conveniently located for all major attractions but in a slightly quieter spot than on the main front. We walked miles each day and it was a joy not to be worried about cars and…Read moreDate of stay: April 2014HelpfulShare Response from ExecOffice-HtlGritti, General Manager at The Gritti Palace, a Luxury Collection HotelResponded May 8, 2014Dear Guest,   Thank you very much for having posted your rewarding feedback and for having recommended staying at our Gritti and visiting Venice to other discerning travelers; we are grateful to you.   We are delighted to read that the friendly and helpful attitude of our team members made you feel welcome! They will surely be encouraged by your remarks about the service quality.  Venice is a small town, better said, a genuine open air museum with an incomparable collection of architecture, thousands of monuments and the signs of times past which illustrate the height of the Venetian Republic’s grandeur and splendor.   Whatever street (“calle”) you take, you will find something worth to be visited and one may walk for hours each day without getting bored.As you mentioned, the central yet tranquil location of our Gritti Palace and the absence of car makes the visit even more enjoyable.  Hopefully, we will have the pleasure to welcome you back to the Gritti Palace in the soonest future!  Best regards,  Paolo Lorenzoni General ManagerRead more