While the hotel is beautiful I am not sure I would stay here again. It was extremely expensive and not worth the cost. It was my birthday and our anniversary so we really wanted something special. Being Platinum Am Ex and Starwood Gold got us nothing. We normally get an Am Ex platinum upgrade but certainly not here. The Grand Canal view in the bar/breakfast areas are spectacular. I had a ham and cheese sandwich in the bar for 22Euros that was horrible. Concierge service was fabulous.Read moreDate of stay: April 2014HelpfulShare Response from ExecOffice-HtlGritti, General Manager at The Gritti Palace, a Luxury Collection HotelResponded Apr 24, 2014Dear Mrs. mmrnyc,  We greatly respect your comments and we thank you for your post, allowing us to give you a comprehensible explanation of the highlighted situation.  We are pleased to learn that the hotel was beautiful for you; however and much to our regret you did not enjoy the room we allocated in your favour, since you were expecting a room upgrade.  We have retrieved the data related to your reservation and wish to confirm that the room assigned was indeed in line with the booked room type. Specifically, it was one of the largest rooms in this category (43 square meters).   As per many reports, we are always very attentive and ascribe so much importance to our Guests’ celebrations in order to render these particularly enjoyable and memorable. As per our custom, we recognized your wedding anniversary by extending you welcome amenities (in this case flowers, bottle of sparkling Franciacorta wine, a selection of fruit) and delivered to your room a bunch of roses on your birthday with best wishes from the entire team.  There is no doubt that we greatly value all levels of our SPG and American Express Platinum members, who, if booked through a Travel Agent affiliated to the American Express Fine Hotels & Resorts Network, are entitled to a room upgrade upon arrival; however, this procedure only applies according to hotel’s availability.  Despite the high occupancy of certain months, we always try to accommodate the requests of our guests when we have availability of higher category rooms.  Unfortunately, the hotel was completely sold out during the dates of your stay with the consequent impossibility to do so.  We are grateful for your appreciation of our services, with the exception of the sandwich which was not of your liking. We hope you did immediately notify the waiting staff in order for them to take care of you and offer you a different one.  We are confident that you might revise the opinion related to your recent stay at our Gritti and we sincerely hope to have the privilege to welcome you again in the near future, to display the best of our hospitality.  Best regards,  Paolo Lorenzoni General ManagerRead more