Beautiful hotel, not very big, staff are very nice. Like some previous comment, I think this hotel is overrated considering the room. Yes, we were happy with the size of the room, decoration and bathroom with plenty of towels, but it was very dark even with the light on(Giglio Prestige room). Bed is very comfortable. Before to book directely with hotel as they don't offer you a breakfast, have a look on Grand Luxury Hotels website, they give you for the same price American Breakfast (€ 55.00), SPA treatment for 2 and wifi. Like must of hotel SPA ,treatments are realy expensive (€150 for a massage) and they are not busy, I can't understand why as I would have more treatments if they were more affordable. Concerning water taxi, if the hotel order one, they add directely a €30 on…Read moreDate of stay: March 2014HelpfulShare Response from ExecOffice-HtlGritti, General Manager at The Gritti Palace, a Luxury Collection HotelResponded Apr 24, 2014Dear JerseyLB,  We are glad that you took the time to post your impressions on TripAdvisor, thus giving us the opportunity to clarify some of the matters you highlighted. Please allow us to mention that we would have been most delighted to meet you while on site and personally discuss all the issues you have brought to our attention through this writing.  We are delighted to read that your interaction with the staff was pleasant and that the hotel was of your liking, although you considered the room allocated in your favour dark. The room category you booked and were assigned to is facing towards west, to Square Santa Maria del Giglio, quite a large square considering Venice standards. Therefore, these rooms are usually bright and even brighter by sunshine, particularly during the afternoon.  Thank you for having mentioned your experience with the booking. This has favored our research and the finding of a bug in the systems. In fact, besides the temporary promotions of specific rates including amenities, rates shall indeed differ from the best available ones, which are on room only basis. Please be informed that the hotel offers a wide range of rates, restricted and not, inclusive or exclusive of buffet breakfast and/or further amenities, in order to please everyone’s taste.  Our Blu Mediterraneo SPA, an intimate wellness haven, is an exclusive SPA concept by Acqua di Parma, where therapeutic elements unite with the active ingredients and natural efficacy of Blu Mediterraneo sensorial products echo the essence of a day along the Mediterranean.  Likewise any other service or shop, it has high and low request/occupancy, offering a wide selection of massages at 130€ for 60 minutes.  Your statement concerning the water taxi, we are afraid, is not correct. In fact, the hotel offers the service of taxi calling. Local cooperative companies are delivering the service and the hotel requires its Guests to pay directly to the taxi driver not to be involved in it. Please keep in mind that the applied tariffs vary according to the time of the day (20% surcharge for services delivered during night time), number of passengers and even number of luggage.   We are sorry to read that you are pleased having stayed only three nights in Venice since your overall experience in our city did not meet your expectations and we sincerely hope to have another occasion to change your mind.  Best regards,  Paolo Lorenzoni General ManagerRead more