It took us €130 to get to the hotel from Treviso airport. Arrived at the jetty but had to find the entrance and reception ourselves as the concierge was busy otherwise. Quite a nice check in experience and overall the stuff are nice if a bit stiff. I was very surprised be our €789 room as it really wasn't the size I expected. I expected antiques and and artwork from Andrea Grizzis family. What we got was mainly made in the Far East with the odd fake antiques from Italy.  The bed was extremely nice and super comfortable, more pillows that you could ever need. As my wife and me where on our eights wedding anniversary we where looking forward to luxuries and a bit of TV. Well the tv shows only 7 assorted language news channels and everything else is premium. Trying to get some sort…Read moreDate of stay: March 2014HelpfulShare Response from ExecOffice-HtlGritti, General Manager at The Gritti Palace, a Luxury Collection HotelResponded Mar 17, 2014Dear Guest,  Thank you for sharing your impressions on Tripadvisor.  We are truly sorry if your stay with us did not match with your expectations particularly since no team member sensed your feelings during your sojourn and could therefore not show you any empathy and good will that we are accustomed to, in order to try to solve the unpleasant situation.  Our Gritti is a XV century palace with its unique gothic structure, and each room is different from another: exposure, size and inside décor are additional variables with subjective importance and priority. Please allow us to underline that the total availability of our Gritti is equal to 82 units and only 9 of these are overlooking the Grand Canal, which undoubtedly are the most requested ones, frequently sold out very well in advance.  We do understand that the room type allocated in your favour did not match with your anticipation; however, it was indeed the category you booked through the web site, which description does not mention at any time the view on the Grand Canal.   The Gritti Palace has recently undergone a significant and extensive restoration, deeply studied for several months, in order to retain all that made this place of exceptional art and elegance a great House with its reassuringly intimate and familiar feel, while contemporarily to bring it back to its ancient splendor.  The meticulous restoration process was carried out through a carefully appointed team of architects, designers, local craftsmen and restorers, using rare archival fabrics from leading houses of Venetian weavers, the finest Italian marbles, a stunning array of new and original chandeliers and glassware from Murano along with the preserved antique ones, uncommon books and objects that are unique to The Gritti Palace as well as antique furniture pieces that are visible in the most prestigious rooms, suites and common areas.  With regards to the experienced problem with the TV, we regret to learn it only by mean of your review, since no advice of this matter was recorded in our log-book. Please be informed that our maintenance staff is available on a 24hrs basis to solve any technical or mechanical issue.  An international range of TV channels and worldwide web broadcasted radios is available for free, among which 11 English speaking TV channels. Naturally, a variety of pay-per-view movies, videos and CDs is are also available.  It is our aim to create memorable experiences for our Guests and it is clear that we have not succeeded in occasion of your visit.  Thank you for taking the time to bring your discomfort to our attention.  We hope that you will allow us another opportunity to show the best of our customer care and hospitality on your next visit to our unique city.  Sincerely yours,  Paolo Lorenzoni General ManagerRead more