So many positives to report about my recent four night stay at The Gritti Palace.  Firstly, communication prior to arrival was really efficient and helpful.  We booked the arrival package to transfer from Marco Polo airport to the hotel and it could not have been easier.  A brief mini bus ride after being collected in person in Arrivals Hall, straight to the quay side to get on board the private launch.  20 minutes across the lagoon and arrival at the hotel's dock on the Grand Canal.    The room was a Prestige Giglio example. Very comfortable with beautiful furnishings, and a marble bathroom with Aqua di Parma toiletries.  Overlooked the square and the Grand Canal.  The restaurant at the hotel was good but really expensive for dinner.  Breakfast was included in the room rate and…Read moreDate of stay: March 2014HelpfulShare Response from ExecOffice-HtlGritti, General Manager at The Gritti Palace, a Luxury Collection HotelResponded Mar 28, 2014Dear Guest,  Thank you for taking the time to detail your experience at The Gritti Palace, for providing useful and attentive information and for recommending our hotel the readers of this website.  We are delighted to read that you spent few great days in Venice; we are proud having contributed to your enjoyment and grateful to you for having highlighted it.   It is our aim is to satisfy our guests by providing superior quality service and we are glad having achieved this with you, although we regret for the inconsistent service at breakfast.      It is a pleasure learning that you appreciated both the structure as well as strategic location of our hotel, which is at a walking distance to the most important attractions of the city, although being in a quite position with an enchanting view on the Grand Canal: the Church Santa Maria della Salute on one side and Ca’ Venier, the Guggenheim Museum, on the other.  Venice has so much to offer and we are confident that we will have soon the privilege to welcome you back!   Best regards,  Paolo Lorenzoni General ManagerRead more