Check in was so smooth with sense of easy and luxury. I was escorted to the room. Room orientation was perfect. Dinner reservation was offered.   Service at restaurant was very good while food tasted and presentation was lower than expectation compared to other places in venice.   Breakfast service and buffet line was lovely but hot items ordered per menu were so poor. Pancake was from microwave. Poached egg came on very hard bread.   Housekeeping always smile and finish the room perfectly especially the bathroom. She understood perfectly what time to come in for the service. This type can be called luxury and accommodating service.   Concierge service was professional. They knew every restaurant i wanted to go plus helped to check whether the restaurants opened. Table…Read moreDate of stay: November 2013HelpfulShare Response from ExecOffice-HtlGritti, General Manager at The Gritti Palace, a Luxury Collection HotelResponded Nov 29, 2013Dear Guest,   We love to make our Guests feel welcomed and special from the moment they arrive to the moment they leave.   Thank you for your recognition and thank you also for having highlighted the areas where, according to your judgment, we need to focus our attention and strive to cater for a better service. Please only allow us to mention that all hot items, available at any time of the day, are done à la minute. We only wish we would have known it during your stay to ameliorate these aspect of your breakfast and show you that we can do so much better!  Flooding indeed occurs especially during winter time. We are really happy to be able to inform you that, thanks to the restoration, the hotel is now safe from flooding and the lowest areas of Venice and provided with footpaths so that nearly every place is accessible. Additionally this phenomenon lasts only few hours a day so the visit to the city is nearly always possible.   We hope we shall have the pleasure of welcoming you back to our jewel and providing you with a truly unforgettable experience.  Best regards,  Paolo Lorenzoni General ManagerRead more