My partner and I checked into Gritti Palace for one night using Starwood points, and it was the best experience we have ever had in all Starwood property. Since he is a life-time platinum member, we were very fortunate to be upgraded to a suite room using a suite upgrade certification. The hotel was very well located, but more importantly, Mr. Paolo Lorenzoni, the General Manager, has done an impeccable job to lead the team from the restoration down to the staff training. The old Venetian charm is very well kept, yet up-to-date facilities are what you experience. For instance, ther are multiple beautifully repaired and polished Venetians mirrors and Morino chandeliers in the suite, while you have a modern Kohl and gorgeous Italian marble bathroom facility. The whole property is…Read moreDate of stay: September 2013HelpfulShare Response from ExecOffice-HtlGritti, General Manager at The Gritti Palace, a Luxury Collection HotelResponded Sep 27, 2013Dear Guest,  We are more than pleased to read that your stay with your partner lived up to your expectations and that the constant focus of our attention to honor the Platinum status as Starwood Preferred Guest was indeed effective since you were not only upgraded to a Suite using a suite upgrade certification, but also appropriately recognized by a personalized welcome note and amenity as well as by the delivery of the appropriate benefits.  We are gladdened that you appreciated the restoration of this unique and timeless palace where the old Venetian charm is very well retained, being contemporarily equipped with up-to-date facilities for our guests’ comfort.  Nevertheless, what pleases us most of all is your notice of the staff’s behavior, i.e. their attention to details and dedication, their going extra miles to serve and please our Guests. Especially since such observations come from a former professional of the travel industry  We are overjoyed by your comments and knowing that your experience with us could be qualified as the “Grand Finale” of your extensive visit of our old-country, gives us the hope that you will treasure the memories of The Gritti Palace on top of the ones of your long European trip, until your next stay with us, hopefully in a not too distant future.  Yours sincerely,  Paolo Lorenzoni General ManagerRead more