The Gritti Palace is a magnificent hotel with a standout location in Venice.  Upon entering the hotel you really feel as though you are stepping back in time to another era.  We were told much of the original architecture has been left intact and it certainly appears to be so.  As well, it appeared that the furnishings, though new, were from the grand heyday of this palace!  The location, in my opinion, can't be beat.  It is a few minutes walk to St. Peters Square, which makes it just far enough away to avoid the crowds that accumulate in this area.  As well, there is a traghetto stop just around the corner from the hotel (I highly recommend you try this unique method of transportation at least once during your stay!)!  There is also a water bus stop a few minutes away.  There…Read moreDate of stay: August 2013HelpfulShare Response from ExecOffice-HtlGritti, General Manager at The Gritti Palace, a Luxury Collection HotelResponded Sep 27, 2013Dear Guest,  We are grateful for having taken time from your schedule to post your detailed comments and observations, especially since you are a top contributor of this site.   We are delighted by reading that the entire staff was “top notch” and was able to make your stay unforgettable.  Thank you for pointing out that “you really feel as though you are stepping back in time to another era”.  In fact the recent renovation was a conservative one, which enhanced the beauty of our Palace preserving the original architecture as well as the pre-existing décor of the ground floor to retain the atmosphere of the past, with the exceptions of the Explorer’s Library Lounge and the exquisite Blu Mediterraneo SPA by Acqua di Parma, newly added and refurbished areas.  We have duly noted your comments about the accommodation/bathroom and your request not being fulfilled.  We are really sorry for not having complied with your request surely due to an oversight since the large majority of our rooms are equipped with a separate shower.   We are well aware that everyone coming to Venice desires the view on the Grand Canal, but naturally buildings have various exposures.  Particularly in Venice, constructed on islands and therefore with very limited construction space, buildings were built very close to each other and the ones belonging to the wealthiest families had an inner courtyard.   In our Palace, the anciently courtyard was turned last century into our current banquet salon with its cover.  Unfortunately and occasionally some small items fall down from the above windows and it is indeed our care to clean that difficulty accessible area when needed.  We are sorry to read of your consideration about that area, which we will strive to keep as clean as possible even more.  We hope we shall have the pleasure of greeting you by name soon again and maybe, next time, you will enjoy a different room located in another section of our Palace.  Yours truly,  Paolo Lorenzoni General ManagerRead more