We were very excited for our visit to Venice and stay at the Gritti Palace.  One of the reasons I chose this property was location and seeing it undergone a renovation for I prefer to stay in new/newer properties.  Check in was quick and efficient and we were upgraded to a larger suite - nice perk for SPG Gold.  The room itself was beautiful, spacious and very comfortable.  My 2 peeves during our stay were the following - costs at the hotel coffee on the terrace bar area was 10 euro each plus tip - a bit steep!  I understand on higher prices but for a $0.50 cup of coffee I felt price gouged.  Breakfast is sky high over priced and doesn't merit the price charged.  Second peeve was the concierge - although most were friendly I felt many of their "suggestions" were locations with…Read moreDate of stay: July 2013HelpfulShare Response from ExecOffice-HtlGritti, General Manager at The Gritti Palace, a Luxury Collection HotelResponded Aug 20, 2013Dear Guest,  Thank you very much for having disclosed through TripAdvisor both your positive observations as well as your doubts with us.  We are more than pleased to read of the smooth check-in as well as being able to upgrade you to a larger suite given your Gold SPG status, i.e. a loyal customer of our Company, which we do value very much.  Nonetheless, we are concerned by the mentioned peeves that prevented you from giving us a higher rating and in particular with your disappointment with the Concierge dining suggestions.  We are sure you may appreciate that this is not an easy task as it involves personal tastes and expectations. Generally speaking, we must acknowledge that the majority of the Venetian restaurants have indeed an average rating. However, besides the knowledge of the restaurants, the suggestions given by the concierge are also based on the feedback our customers provide us with after their dinners.  In August many Venetian restaurants are closed for vacation with the consequent reservation increase for the ones which are open.  Also in restaurants, as it may happen in the whole tourism industry, seats/rooms etc. which are taken may suddenly become available due to a last minute cancellation.  Purchasing any type of ticket is also one of the concierge desk duties and this is considered an “outside service” since it is not a service the hotel provides internally; as a result from this, payment has to be processed directly from the buyer to the supplier (theater, train company or else) and not through the hotel bill. For this reason, either personal credit card details are requested (for higher amounts or for advanced purchases) or cash is due (for moderate amounts and if our guests are on site).  We are confident that the above explanations will help you reconsider your feelings and we all look forward to your next visit, since we are eager to improve your impressions of our service.  Yours sincerely,  Paolo Lorenzoni General ManagerRead more