The hotel has recently undergone extensive, beautifully done renovations and has a wonderful Grand Canal location.  Unfortunately, both are spoiled by the poor and often rude service of the hotel's undertrained staff.  We booked our room on the Starwood app where it clearly states, "children 12 and under stay free in their parents room using existing bedding".  We brought our two children with us, who both meet the age requirement and are tiny for their age that would have had no issue with the above stated policy and were told by the rude front desk personnel that this would not be allowed and we would need to book a second room.  We had booked a suite, are Starwood Platinum members and found this to be ludicrous.  After asking to speak with the manager, we were told we were…Read moreDate of stay: July 2013HelpfulShare Response from ExecOffice-HtlGritti, General Manager at The Gritti Palace, a Luxury Collection HotelResponded Aug 16, 2013Dear Guest,  Thank you for having taken time to post your impressions on TripAdvisor, allowing us to assure you not only that we greatly value the loyalty of our Starwood Preferred Guests, but also that we are observant to all company’s policies and local regulations, which we do attentively apply.  We regret that you perceived the front desk personnel being rude and undertrained, but most of all we are really sorry that the occurrence you described spoiled your vacation.    Please allow us to try to give you a comprehensive explanation to the highlighted issue. First of all, please find below the Starwood policy as it appears in our website:  “Extra Bedding Policy Children who are 12 or younger sleep for free in the existing bedding of a room shared with a paying adult. The use of in-room sofa beds is considered additional bedding and will incur an additional fee. Rollaways, child rollaways and cribs may incur extra charges.”  At The Gritti Palace all accommodations, regardless of the type, are designated to accommodate two people. In fact, all of them are double rooms (either with one large bed for 2 people or twin bedded with two single beds for one person each).  As explained on site and as per our authorizations, we can only add one rollaway bed (which is at cost as per Starwood’s policy), despite the size and the type of the room, for a total of 3 people per room/suite. In fact, any attempt to book a room for 2 adults and 2 children through our website is automatically rejected.   According to your post, you booked a one bedroom suite for 2 adults, with one large bed, i.e. fitted for 2 people. Given that you brought your two children with you, you were offered a second room, to create a two-bedroom suite where to accommodate the whole family.    Anyhow, in order to comply with your request and very exceptionally disregarding the authorizations, we allowed the whole family to be accommodated in the one-bedroom suite, with the related charges.  We hope that the above explanations were of help and that, as a valuable SPG guest you may consider a return stay to The Gritti Palace, allowing us the opportunity to offer you our best hospitality and care.  Sincerely yours,  Paolo Lorenzoni General ManagerRead more