When Gritti closed for a thorough restoration almost two years ago, I was scared. After about 20 years of constant trips to venice with my family, always staying at Gritti, I feared a heavy restoration would make it lose its atmosphere. I have followed the hard work and visited the site with the hotel manager during the intervention, but I was anyway thrilled when passing through its doors. What to say? All has changed but all is the same, and I love this!!! The staff looks proud of running such a house, they all are as kind and helpful as possible. The rooms I saw are nice, and obviously those with a canal view are stunning, especially the four glamorous corner suites (pictures on official website are not manipulated...). The terrace is a jewel and if you cannot stay at the…Read moreDate of stay: July 2013HelpfulShare Response from ExecOffice-HtlGritti, General Manager at The Gritti Palace, a Luxury Collection HotelResponded Jul 29, 2013Dear Guest,   It is always such a pleasure receiving kind notes and reading very nice comments and appreciations. This time particularly, since your knowledge and expertise of your “home away from home” makes you the best judge!   We are most pleased to read that you feel that The Gritti Palace has been restored to its original splendour, revealing “a refined version of its iconic self” and enhancing its unique and personal feel that is so well acknowledged by our loyal guests. As stated by you and reported by many other guests, we indeed managed to maintain the atmosphere of the past whilst at the same time bringing our house to the 21st century.   Thank you very much for highlighting your perception of the staff’s feelings towards the Gritti. Being part of this iconic hotel is a great pleasure and responsibility which implies professionalism and passion. We are most grateful to you for having recognized our commitment to service excellence.  Looking forward to many more visits of yours in the years to come…  Yours sincerely,  Paolo Lorenzoni General ManagerRead more