The Gritti has recently reopened after a major renovation and the rooms and public areas have been beautifully re-decorated and furnished in exquisite Venetian taste. The prime location, directly on the Grand Canal, is excellent. However with the smallest rooms going for north of EUR 1,200 at peak times (e.g., during the opening days of the Biennale), one would expect more. Our room, while beautifully decorated, was rather small with a view of the wall of the adjacent building. The staff is polite and professional as expected, but not particularly friendly with smiles seldom seen and zero personal interaction. Everything (except Wi-Fi) is "extra":, e.g.EUR 4.50 for a local phone call, EUR 22.00 for two coffees and juice, two free bottles of water for the first night only despite…Read moreDate of stay: May 2013HelpfulShare Response from ExecOffice-HtlGritti, General Manager at The Gritti Palace, a Luxury Collection HotelResponded Jun 6, 2013Dear Guest,   I thank you for your comments and your mixed feedback. Your constructive criticism helps us to improve our guest service.  I am most pleased to read that you consider our Gritti a beautiful hotel with a prime location and I hope you overall enjoyed your sojourn. At the same time, I regret to learn that your first stay at the Gritti Palace did not meet your expectations largely due to the room you reserved as well as to the price paid for the stay during the Biennale Vernissage.  Although understanding your point, I take the liberty to underline that the Vernissage of the Biennale is a unique event that occurs every two years which brings the world’s attention on to Venice and many visitors with the consequent very high demand for accommodations.   I am also sorry to read that you felt the staff not particularly friendly as we pride ourselves in delivering a discreet and personal service, which most of our guests seem to appreciate.   I will be pleased to welcome you back and have you revise your opinion and have the opportunity to change your emotions towards our Gritti Palace.  Always at your disposal, I remain, with  Best regards,  Paolo LorenzoniRead more