I spent 2 days last week at the Gritti Palace as a short break. Let me introduce myself as a seasoned traveler that has stayed in some of the most luxurious hotels of the world (see my other reviews). When travelling, I like to pick my hotels by using websites such as Kiwicollection, Conde Nast magazine, Travel & Leisure. So I only like the best of the best. I expected a lot from this hotel. And it exceeded my wildest dreams. This truly is an exceptional place, one that will throw you back in to time, to experience Venice in all its mysterious grandeur. No doubt about it, the Gritti Palace is so far the best hotel in Venice (the new Aman resort opening in June will probably be the only other hotel playing in the same league).   Things that I did like a lot : - Location: the…Read moreDate of stay: April 2013HelpfulShare Response from ExecOffice-HtlGritti, General Manager at The Gritti Palace, a Luxury Collection HotelResponded Apr 24, 2013Dear Guest,  I wish to thank you very much for having taken time to post your extensive review and having shared with us your feelings and impressions related to the recent sojourn at our Gritti Palace. I am delighted to read that you thoroughly enjoyed your stay with us and that you were most impressed with the attitude of our staff, defined “the most friendly staff that you ever met at a hotel”, exquisite comment which will make them surely feel proud of, particularly in consideration of your expertise being a seasoned traveler that has stayed in some of the most luxurious hotels of the world.  I am also thankful for having indicated us some amelioration aspects. I can assure you that your comments have been appreciated and taken into consideration, in order to always improve the service to our clientele.  I am very proud of learning that you evaluate our Gritti “the best Starwood hotel that you experienced so far, and one that you want to return to” and I do hope I shall indeed have soon the privilege of welcoming you back to our palace and meeting you personally.  Sincerely yours,  Paolo LorenzoniRead more