I booked two nights at The Gritti six months ago with Platinum American Express on a 10 day visit to Italy. I had to pay 100% up front. Close to 3000. 1 month before going.....I HAVE BEEN CANCELLED OUT OF MY ROOM BY HOTEL.....because, because.... get this....” a wealthy man bought out the hotel for the night”. NOW.....I am forced to buy a hotel room of any comparable canal location ( not the Marriott sister next door ) for double the price. OUTRAGEOUS......and such a sign of times, this hotels commitment to travelers is horrendous..... Both American Express and Gritti should be ashamed of themselves.Read moreDate of stay: February 201910 Helpful votesHelpfulShare Response from ExecOffice-HtlGritti, General Manager at The Gritti Palace, a Luxury Collection HotelResponded Feb 18, 2019Dear HUNTERR758,  Thank you for having expressed your opinion that we respect very much.   We are extremely sorry for any discomfort you have experienced and, although it may not change your perception, we wish to inform you that the decision of moving all reservations we had in place on two specific nights to a sister hotel was not taken lightly.   In order to reduce any displeasure, and to take care of you as our valuable guest, we had arranged following in  your favour:  -	Communication was sent to the broker two and a half months prior to the arrival date -	Availability was offered at our sister hotel Hotel Danieli, a worldwide renown Marriott hotel -	The booked rate would have been honoured and no surcharge would have been applied -	Additionally, as a goodwill gesture and compensation for the inconvenience, a free upgrade to a lagoon view room with balcony would have been guaranteed at time of booking  Unfortunately, we did not receive any reply to our message and your reservation was later cancelled without any further interaction.   We are disheartened for having disappointed your requirements and expectations and we would be grateful if you  could contact the Executive Office at any convenient time for you.   We are eager to make up for your unsatisfactory experience and to regain your trust, thank you for your understanding.  Best regards,  Paolo Lorenzoni General ManagerRead more