The location on the Grand Canal is perfect. The concierges were all very helpful and friendly.  Pedro who checked us in was so friendly welcoming and fantastic! The rooms are great they are large in size but very old world style so it is a matter of taste ( see photos on hotel website) Bathrooms are large, clean and modern. Agree with one of the other recent commentators that the lobby was a bit too chaotic with a ton of people and seemingly business people coming and going all the time. A few weird things.. they did not give out water bottles at the front desk or concierge so asking for water ( to take with us for the day) sometimes became a project which I found odd. At one point we had to order the water to room service?! Also they did not leave a bottle of water at night at…Read moreDate of stay: December 20181 Helpful voteHelpfulShare Response from ExecOffice-HtlGritti, General Manager at The Gritti Palace, a Luxury Collection HotelResponded Jan 8, 2019Dear Guest,  Thank you for your informative feedback.   We are delighted to read that you very much enjoyed the Gritti’s location and that the services rendered by our team of professional, that lead you to recommend our hotel despite the “few weird things” that you specified.  We would have loved to learn about your perplexity on site; nonetheless, we are pleased to provide you with some explanations, as follows:  -	Chaotic Lobby: please be informed that the period of your stay was of very high occupancy; the hotel was actually fully booked.  During daytime external customers using our facilities far exceed in number resident guests and they are, of course, to be added to the number of our resident guests. Although this situation is the same one all year round, it is also true that during the summer high season the lobby is never crowded as guests are usually gathering on the terraces. We assume this was the reason behind your discomfort related to a busy lobby area.  -	Plastic bottled water is not in use at our hotel. We only serve environmental friendlier glass bottles with the exception of the complimentary bottled water that is delivered daily to all accommodations for guests’ comfort (and that is mainly taken out for the day, so these are indeed plastic bottles)    -	The team of our Longhi Bar is always happy to serve any kind of drink (by the way a large tea assortment is available) so it is difficult to understand what led to the situation you are describing, unless it was New Year’s Eve, with both Restaurant and Bar fully booked and serving a special menu…  -	On New Year’s Eve, the terrace was indeed only available to the customers having Gala dinner inside since, at a certain point, they all would go outside on the terrace…  Thank you once again for taking the time to share your experience with us and we hope to welcome you soon back for a spotless stay!  Best regards,  Paolo Lorenzoni General ManagerRead more