I wanted to love The Gritti and give it 5 stars, but it's not quite there. The pricing is very high. It's fair to say that if you have to come up with an average room price on average date, just to get an average benchmark, the rooms here are basically $1,000 USD per night give or take. At that level, absolute perfection is expected.  We found that overall the facilities are lovely, the rooms nice, the location excellent, the feeling is old world in most ways. We had a great tour of the hotel art and antiques from the head concierge Ivan Schultz, which we do recommend doing...20 minutes well spent.  The reasons why I can't give 5 stars:   --lobby tends to get crowded or hectic feeling, lots of people moving in and out or around - this is not befitting a level of graceful luxury…Read moreDate of stay: December 20182 Helpful votesHelpfulShare Response from ExecOffice-HtlGritti, General Manager at The Gritti Palace, a Luxury Collection HotelResponded Jan 6, 2019Dear Guest,  Thank you for posting your comments following your stay at The Gritti Palace and for having chosen our hotel for your Venetian visit.  Your report certainly does not reflect our usual level of service and we very much regret having created some discomfort during your stay, as we commit to providing the finest personal service and facilities to our guests.  We would like to assure you that we have already taken some actions at an operational level to correct the issues you have described.  These actions include trainings to refresh/reinforce the standard procedures already in place, especially concerning security, but not limited to it.   Since your experience with us had many positive aspects as well, we hope you will reconsider your intention to stay at a different property next time you will be visiting Venice.  We also invite you to contact the Executive Office, so that we may take personal care of your future reservation and ensure a flawless and enjoyable stay you expected and deserved.  Best regards,  Paolo Lorenzoni General Manager  Read more