I never spoil myself with extravagant meals or drinks but had always wanted to visit the Gritti Palace. It took me until I turned 60 this week. I ordered a Caesar salad with chicken. It has to be the most lack lustre caesar I have ever had. Cubed chicken. I also pointed out a short grey hair I had found in it. The waiter didnt react. A piece with gristle and red vein in it. Gordon Ramsay would have had a fit. Basic croutons, dry bacon, gloopy dressing. 2 anchovies. Slices of parmesan on the side. I asked for it to be redone. Had it returned with no parmesan, no extra chicken just the bad piece removed. I was billed the full €27 for it.the waiter apologised but no offer of reduction on the bill. Would that chef have served him/herself such a salad. One of the most expensive…Read moreDate of stay: February 20202 Helpful votesHelpfulShare Response from DayTrip44222784780, Manager at The Gritti Palace, a Luxury Collection HotelResponded Feb 16, 2020Dear HilaryW369,  We have received your commentary on your recent meal at our Hotel that you kindly shared here on TripAdvisor and we can assure you that we have given the best attention to your statements and shared them with the whole team, since we very much value all our precious Guests’ feedback.  We wish to thank you in the first place for having selected our Gritti Palace for your special occasion among the many hotels in Venice and we very much regret to learn of your disappointment for a Caesar salad that so negatively affected your experience. As a matter of fact, we do absolutely agree with you that especially in the luxury industry what really makes the difference are all the small touches. We reiterate our apologies if in this occasion we were not able to meet your expectations and we hope to have the opportunity to welcome you back and show you our commitment to providing you as well as all our kindest Guests the deserved, bespoke, flawless experience for a most enjoyable meal in the most iconic Palazzo in Venice.   Sincerely yours,   Maurizio Figuccio   Director of Food and Beverage  Read more