We were absolutely thrilled to be staying at the Gritti Palace at the tail end of our three week European adventure, as we've heard wonderful stories from many of our acquaintances. Booking three separate rooms for our group, I made certain to reach out to the concierge staff in advance to book and re-confirm transfers, breakfast, etc. I even made certain to stop by and speak to a concierge in person the day before our official arrival. I had read many complaints in previous reviews about a particular concierge, but based on my communications thought we obviously would have no issues.   However after check-in, we stopped by the concierge desk to officially solidify the pre-arranged breakfast and group's water taxi to the airport, and had the unfortunate luck to be greeted with…Read moreDate of stay: September 20184 Helpful votesHelpfulShare Response from ExecOffice-HtlGritti, General Manager at The Gritti Palace, a Luxury Collection HotelResponded Oct 2, 2018Dear Guest,  Thank you for selecting the Gritti Palace for your stay in Venice based on the recommendations of your acquaintances and for taking the time to detail your experience at The Gritti Palace.  If on one hand, I am pleased to read that your contacts with our Concierge team prior to your arrival were satisfactory, on the other hand, I very much regret to learn that your personal interaction with our Concierge Umberto left you with some bitter in your mouth. I must very honestly say that in 10 years of management of The Gritti Palace I do not recall having had any complaint towards Umberto, who is usually recognized and praised for his efficiency and professional attitude being one of the most experienced persons in the team.   He is concerned as well for your feedback and feels sorry not only for the occurrence (that he is not able to recall) but also for having somehow marred your stay with us.    We would be very appreciative if you would be so kind as to contact the Executive Office to better understand the mentioned circumstances. We would love to show you that your experience has been an exception to a rule of dedicated and prompt assistance to each one of our Guests and hope to welcome you back very soon for a flawless and highly enjoyable stay.  Yours sincerely,  Paolo Lorenzoni General ManagerRead more