For the price they charge per night, and being probably the second most expensive hotel right behind The Aman, they are really just mediocre.  I can say this now with confidence after we stayed at the Four Seasons in Florence immediately following our stay at the Gritti Palace and am reminded of what a five star hotel should be.  Perhaps it is the celebrity of the hotel that has led to the oversight and eroded their quality overtime?  In any case, our experience was really just mediocre, but I am giving it two stars because for the price one pays, one should be getting more, in every way.  Pros: - Beautiful terrace on the water, gorgeous views  - Good location   Cons: - Room was dark and nothing spectacular.  We didn’t have the smallest room but can’t imagine what the base rate…Read moreDate of stay: June 20181 Helpful voteHelpfulShare Response from ExecOffice-HtlGritti, General Manager at The Gritti Palace, a Luxury Collection HotelResponded Jun 26, 2018Dear Guest,  Thank you for taking the time to share your thoughts with the readers of this site further to your stay with us.  Providing our guests with the best possible hospitality and service has always been our aim and we are very sorry to read that you felt we did not deliver up to your expectations.  If you would be so kind as to get in touch with us in private, we will be delighted to check the room you were assigned to and to go deeper into all above mentioned points.  Apparently, you had a Deluxe double room, entry level. This room category faces to the east and to a nearby building just opposite the small canal, and therefore it is not so well exposed to light.  Additionally, please be informed that the Gritti had a 35million Euro and 15 months major renovation between 2011/2013 and that our clients’ satisfaction score related to cleaning during the past 12 months is 94.2 to a maximum of 100.   We would have been very much appreciative if you had communicated us your discomfort during your stay, hence giving us the opportunity to recover the situation while you were still on site.  It is our hope that you will allow a further opportunity to enhance your impressions of us and look forward to welcoming you back.  Yours Sincerely,   Paolo Lorenzoni General Manager Read more