We had heard a lot about the Gritti Palace Hotel in Venice, so we decided to try it out for two days on our trip to Venice. Word had it that it was a luxury hotel and one of the best in Venice. We were somewhat taken aback by the price of $950 per night, but we decided to splurge and live it up for a couple of days. For those of you thinking about staying here, don't do it! It's a very ordinary hotel with a couple of nice features, but not worth anywhere near the price. We were very disappointed with our stay and here's why.     1. The rooms are very plain and don't have nice amenities. For example, there is no bottled water, no fruit or any nice gift awaiting you. There is one small sink in the bathroom with limited counter space. Bath amenities are minimal, The rugs and…Read moreDate of stay: February 20181 Helpful voteHelpfulShare Response from ExecOffice-HtlGritti, General Manager at The Gritti Palace, a Luxury Collection HotelResponded Apr 27, 2018Dear Guest,  First of all, allow us to apologize for the issues encountered during your stay which are not a fair reflection of our usual high standard of service and customer care.  We do respect your opinion although it is hard for us to recognize our Gritti Palace from the description you are giving on the different aspects of your stay.  Nonetheless, since our guests’ feedback are taken highly into consideration, we will surely share your observations with the departmental managers in order to take the necessary measures to ensure these occurrences do not happen in the future.  May we only take a few more moments to clarify the highlighted point concerning the accommodation and kindly ask you to please double check the records of your booking.   Absolutely never ever a downgrade was applied at the Gritti. On the contrary, availability allowing we are always pleased to upgrade the accommodations.   With regards to the windows, they are kept locked to comply with our company’s standard. Should you have signed the specific waiver during check-in procedure, we would have been authorized to release the lock, and shutters could have been fully opened by a room attendant just by calling the guest service.  Being the comfort and enjoyment of our guests of utmost importance to us, we very much regret not having sensed your discomfort during your stay. Moreover, apparently nothing was reported to anyone of the team members or managers. We would not have let you leave with a negative feeling!  Please accept once again our apologies for not having provided you with our best hospitality and bespoke service and we sincerely hope to have the privilege and opportunity to welcome you again to our Gritti in a not distant future and let you savor the special friendly and luxurious atmosphere that distinguishes The Gritti Palace.  Yours sincerely,  Paolo Lorenzoni General ManagerRead more