Interesting how I see so many people leaving reviews for coming to Gritti Palace to have meal and drinks, yet me and my best friend were turned away. We were told we couldn't come in or prebook and that they didn't have a terrace at all, which is ridiculous as I did my research before hand and upon recommendation was told to come there for a meal and drinks. Disgusting behavior. I have never been made to feel so undermined and embarrassed in my life. Thanks a lot Gritti Palace for your ignorance, turning customers away, making me feel like I wasn't worthy of coming to visit your hotel and the biggest one of all for the lie you told me.   A place with that behavior is a 0* for me, regardless of your "luxury" status. Honesty goes along way.Read moreDate of stay: September 20172 Helpful votesHelpfulShare Response from ExecOffice-HtlGritti, General Manager at The Gritti Palace, a Luxury Collection HotelResponded Sep 11, 2017Dear Leila H,  Albeit regretting not having had the chance to welcoming you to the Gritti, we wish to thank you for having followed the suggestions of your acquaintances and for having shared your feelings with us.  We are very sorry to read that the possible misunderstanding at time of booking lead to your dismay and please allow us to conceivably give you a clarification concerning the denial you received.  First of all, please be informed that our Hotel disposes of two terraces.   a)	The Redentore Terrace, a 250 square meters large roof terrace with a wonderful 360° view of Venice, which is private to the Redentore Suite, hence it can only be enjoyed by Guests booking this Suite.   b)	 The Grand Canal Terrace, which is divided into two sections and hosts our Club del Doge Restaurant and Riva Lounge of the Longhi Bar, both F&B outlets normally open to resident and non-resident guests. However, as per any other hotel’s area, these two sections are sometimes privatized to customers wishing to hold their functions.  This may also apply to the entire hotel, as it happened few days ago.   In fact, we have recently hosted had a party taking the entire building as exclusive use for three days, time during which no other customers were not allowed to enter the hotel, including F&B functions’ areas.  Therefore, assuming your request was for a dinner on the roof terrace as mentioned in the title of your review, this would only be possible by previously booking the Redentore Suite.   We hope that above explanation will help to change your sentiment towards The Gritti Palace and we hope you will allow us another opportunity to show the best of our hospitality on your next visit.  Yours sincerely,  Paolo Lorenzoni General Manager Read more