Nice hotel...very pretty but service lacks value.  Rooms are quaint but truly too small to enjoy.  Random note...bathtubs are in the bedrooms.  Room was not ready upon arrival. We were not offered water or any sort of greeting upon arrival.  It was if the staff feels one should be privileged to stay here.  Rooms are very pricey.  Concerige was not friendly nor very helpful.  The location is great and bar nice.  Restaurant food was just okay.  We really felt like this experience could have been much, much better.  We have stayed at hotels all over the world and we're actually unimpressed with this one. The beds were very comfortable but room cleanliness wasn't the greatest.  The shower wouldn't drain so water flooded the bathroom floor even after a short shower.  There was globs…Read moreDate of stay: August 2017HelpfulShare Response from ExecOffice-HtlGritti, General Manager at The Gritti Palace, a Luxury Collection HotelResponded Aug 10, 2017Dear Guest,  Thank you very much for having posted your comments related your recent sojourn.   Albeit being very pleased that you considered our location great and the hotel nice, it is most regrettable that your stay with us did not live up to your expectations due to your considerations about value for money.  We are especially sorry that apparently you did not notify your discomfort to a manager on duty; we have no records of it.  We would have done our utmost to take the necessary steps to remedy the service shortfalls you highlighted and to provide you with an enjoyable and flawless remainder part of the sojourn.   Please be assured that your remarks will be taken into consideration and we will direct our efforts on all areas to ensure the usual high service level as well as care and concern towards our Guests at all times.   With regards to the mentioned presence of bathtubs in the bedroom, please be informed that this applies to no more than 2 accommodations out of 82, a sort of “out of the rules” design of our architects to allow our Guests to enjoy the beautiful Grand Canal view in full relaxation...   Although we do appreciate your concern related to the quotation, we wish to underline that the values of all the components constituting our House are subjective.  At the same time, please be informed that our hotel indeed offers a wide range of rates, which naturally match the demand. During low season or in dates with low occupancy, accommodations at lower rates are available.  It is our hope that you will reconsider your decision not to return; we would be delighted to welcome you back to improve your impression of us.  Best regards,  Paolo Lorenzoni General Manager Read more