After all these excellent reviews we were really looking forward to our stay here.  Venice was our last stop on our Italian adventure and we decided to try out the Luxury Collection (SPG) - instead of a LHW.  We were looking for a luxury experience with a great view, excellent service, and nice rooms.    The hotel itself is a bit understated and small. Which I like, and the view from the terrace did not disappoint.  But the hotel is trying way too hard to cater to the wealthy crowd.  Photos of celebrities endorsing the hotel on the walls. I am from Beverly Hills (and celebs are everywhere), so this was silly and hardly impressive. The Riva lounge is a tourist trap and tarnished the brand (sadly because I love Rivas).  The hotel staff is not there to be helpful to you but to have…Read moreDate of stay: July 20171 Helpful voteHelpfulShare Response from ExecOffice-HtlGritti, General Manager at The Gritti Palace, a Luxury Collection HotelResponded Jul 29, 2017Dear hachneyhaus, Thank you for having taken the time to share your experience at The Gritti Palace during your recent stay in Venice. I am extremely sorry to hear your disappointment and dissatisfaction especially because of the noises coming from outside your room. Much unfortunately the Hotel was undertaking an urgent and mandatory work on a part of our roof terrace to be compliant with the recently updated requirements about security. Since we were forced to proceed with the construction in this period of the year, which is our high season, workmen were asked to strictly respect the sleep of our Guests and to work only between 10am and 16am, when most of the Guests are visiting the beauties of Venice.  Again I do deeply apologize for your discomfort since you were trying to recover from your cold. As soon as you reported the situation to our clerk, workmen were asked to stop for a while in order not to disturb you a lot. Of course I was promptly informed; unfortunately I could not meet you because of business meetings, but I immediately asked to apply a reduction of 50% on your room rate to try to compensate the bad situation you were experiencing. Allow me then to inform you that cover charge is a common charge applied in Italy and no distinction is usually made for resident and non-resident Guests. Your judgment about or gelato has been of course shared with our Chef Patissier as we always value our Guests opinion a lot. As far as the attitude of our staff is concerned, I must say that you comment surprises me, the entire Hotel team is frequently praised by our Guests for their attentiveness and service. I would like to express again my sincerest apologies and I would be pleased, if you could allow us another opportunity to prove our usual care and quality of service. If you like to discuss further, please do not hesitate to contact me personally, I remain at your complete disposal. Paolo Lorenzoni General Manager Read more