We used our marriott points to stay for five nights in October.   Three months before our arrival, we notified the hotel that we would need to move our reservation by one day, check in one day later and check out one day later.   The hotel refused to accommodate the change.    They had no more point reservations available so if we were to change our dates and attempt to rebook, there would be no room for us.   We ended up using points to pay for one night we were not there and having to book a new hotel for the last night.   We had stayed at the Gritti Palace the year before and had a great experience so we decided to take the loss to keep our reservation.  Even though we were platinum status and qualify for upgraded room and the reservation manager knew we were paying for one…Read moreDate of stay: October 20191 Helpful voteHelpfulShare Response from DayTrip44222784780, General Manager at The Gritti Palace, a Luxury Collection HotelResponded Oct 31, 2019Dear Can2newyork,  First and foremost, thank you for your renewed stay at The Gritti Palace and for sharing your experience with us and with the readers of Tripadvisor, allowing us to possibly give exhaustive replies to the facts you underlined, which regretfully caused you some disappointment.  Booking. As per our records, when you called our reservation department to notify us you needed to change your dates of stay, the agent informed you that only Marriott Loyalty Program Members Customer Services is entitled to handle amendments to bookings made on points. The hotel cannot interfere with these type of bookings.  May we mention that, having pre-booked your room from previous day, allowed you to check-in immediately when you arrived at the hotel at 10:20 a.m., instead of having to wait until 03:00 p.m., which is the regular check-in time.  You correctly remember that on your stay a couple of years ago we managed to assign you to a Landmark double room with view on the Grand Canal by applying several upgrade tiers. Unfortunately, on this occasion, above mentioned room category was sold out as was the entire hotel, therefore we could only upgrade you from a Deluxe, entry level double room, to a Venetian style double room, which décor you very much appreciated.  Smoking policy. As per the Italian law in force, smoking is prohibited in all internal public areas, but it is authorized in the open air. Hopefully, this did not happen every morning of your stay.  Safe. In-room safes are provided for guest’s convenience; however, safe-deposit boxes are available at Reception.  According to our records, you notified us at 10:00 p.m. that your safe was not working. Our prompt attempt to unlock it was not successful as in this specific case a special code was needed and it could only be provided by the supplier on the following day. Next morning we agreed with you that we would have unlocked the safe at some point during the day, as you were going out of the hotel for a sightseeing and you did not urgently need your belongings stored in the safe.  The safe was unlocked in your presence upon your return to the hotel, at 05:00 p.m.   This was the first time ever that our attempts to unlock a safe were not successful and we agree with you that special codes shall be readily available to top managers to solve  unexpected issues, at any time of night and day, as it will be the case in the future.  We are sorry if the above occurrences caused any inconvenience and we do hope we shall have the pleasure to welcome you back once again, so that we may restore your faith in our hotel.  Best regards,  Paolo Lorenzoni General Manager  Read more