We decided to stay here for one night of luxury!  When you enter the hotel the decor is beautiful. We checked in with no problems ,then was shown to our room , the gentleman that took us was talking so fast I couldn't take a word of it in ! When he left I asked my partner what he had said he couldn't understand him either ! It all seemed rather rushed . The room it self was beautiful stunning features ,the bed was also very comfortable but the view of just a brick wall was not ! When we checked in we asked to book a table in the restaurant for the evening ,we were told no tables available, oddly when my partner looked in the restaurant at 8pm only 6 people were dining at that time . I didn't feel this hotel treated every resident the same! Just by sitting and watching you could…Read moreDate of stay: February 2017HelpfulShare Response from ExecOffice-HtlGritti, General Manager at The Gritti Palace, a Luxury Collection HotelResponded Feb 21, 2017Dear Guest,  Thank you for having selected The Gritti Palace for your night of luxury in Venice and for having shared with us your observations with us through TripAdvisor. We very much welcome both your appreciations of the hotel’s décor and location as well as your criticisms.  We are very sorry that during your brief stay you could not enjoy the warm and bespoken service our guests have become accustomed to.   Please be assured that all of our customers are treated equally. Having experienced services below our usual standard in different departments was merely an unfortunate coincidence.   We are glad to read that you would return to The Gritti Palace however with different arrangements, such as booking in advance a room with a view and a table at our restaurant, both of which were regretfully sold out on the night of your stay due to St. Valentine celebrations, with patrons arriving at various times for dinner.  Please do not hesitate to get in touch with us for your future visit to Venice and to the Gritti, we shall be delighted to assist you.  Best regards,  Paolo Lorenzoni General ManagerRead more