We arrived at the hotel's private berth and from then on experienced a pretty much faultless stay. Our room was great, comfortable bed, wonderful old furniture and art with a luxury bathroom and great amenities. Only downside was that there was no iron and ironing board or TCMF - apparently neither is allowed in old buildings in Venice due to regulations, it would have been nice if they then offered a free pressing service and tea and coffee facilities instead. The whole hotel has been refurbished with a lot of consideration to the original style, all the public spaces are in very good condition, and really add to the feeling of staying in an old luxury mansion. I would highly recommend a visit to the bar as well, old style luxury with perfect cocktails. The only downsides to…Read moreDate of stay: December 2016HelpfulShare Response from ExecOffice-HtlGritti, General Manager at The Gritti Palace, a Luxury Collection HotelResponded Dec 9, 2016Dear jamiep84,  Thank you very much for your review on TripAdvisor which focuses on many positive aspects: the comfort and antique furniture, the special “home feeling” perceived in our “old luxury mansion”, the professional service, the attention to details and the high standards of cleaning very much appreciated by all of our Guests and few less positive elements.  We are very sorry to read that you perceived the absence of coffee machine and iron/ironing board in the accommodation as a lack of service. As you correctly underlined, these as well as any other electric appliances are not available to Venice Guests for safeguards of both visitors/inhabitants as well as of our fragile city.  With regards to the gym, its area is in accordance to the size of our antique palace, and although the limited selection of equipment, we hope you could consider it functional to a basic training.  We very much look forward to welcoming you back and to pampering you even more on your next visit to Venice.  Paolo Lorenzoni General ManagerRead more