A lot of positives about this hotel.    The location is stunning and far enough away from the main tourist spots to be comfortable.  there is a gondola stop for crossing the canal right outside the front door if you want to go to the Guggenheim, etc...  5 minute walk to St Marks. 10 minutes to the Rialto ( a little hint - go left to go to the Rialto - nicer walk).    The staff is the right combination of supportive and confident.  Not sure how to explain it but they are wonderful.  We flew in early from Philly - not even sure our room would be ready we were treated to an available room and an upgrade to the La Fenice suite which was a huge room with sitting area, guest 1/2 bath and a balcony.  We still feel really lucky!  I would recommend that suite to anyone - very very…Read moreDate of stay: October 2016HelpfulShare Response from ExecOffice-HtlGritti, General Manager at The Gritti Palace, a Luxury Collection HotelResponded Oct 25, 2016Dear Guest,  As a valued SPG Member, we are glad you experienced a “perfect 20th anniversary” at The Gritti Palace and that you feel having made the correct choice among the variety of hotel offerings in Venice.  Thank you for having shared your positive feedback with the readers of this site and for recommending the really wonderful La Fenice Suite to anyone, which we take the opportunity to describe here below.  In a grand 19th century design that recreates the spirit of the historic La Fenice Theatre, the city's grand Opera House, the La Fenice Suite is decorated with Neoclassical and Empire style furniture, antique carpets, and with Jacquard and sumptuous Rubelli custom fabrics that were created originally for La Fenice Theatre.   Positioned on the 2nd floor of the hotel, the La Fenice suite features a stand up balcony that overlooks Santa Maria del Giglio Square, and affords glimpses of the Grand Canal. Floor-to-ceiling windows create a luminous atmosphere that bathes the polished terrazzo veneziano flooring with sunlight.   We look forward to welcoming you back!  Best regards,  Paolo Lorenzoni General ManagerRead more