We stayed here on points for two nights. The room was nice and very clean.  All staff were polite and professional. However, there was no early check in although I was allow to request this online-no complimentary upgrade at all. We had to sit in the lobby until 3 o'clock on the dot! At check in , we were asked if we wanted a newspaper delivered to the room. We requested the New York Times and never received it. Room had a tacky stainless steel wastebasket in bathroom with  a foot pedal that did not work. We were awakened out of a deep sleep on our first morning by a loudspeaker in our room telling us that a fire had been reported and we were to evacuate immediately. Scared me to death!!We grabbed robes and headed down the stairs.  We could smell something burning. We came upon…Read moreDate of stay: September 20191 Helpful voteHelpfulShare Response from DayTrip44222784780, General Manager at The Gritti Palace, a Luxury Collection HotelResponded Sep 24, 2019Dear Guest,  Your review allows us to thank you for selecting The Gritti Palace for your Venetian stay, as well as to apologize for the issues you are listing that obviously had a big impact on your feelings, as you actually appreciated both the services rendered by our team as well as the cleanliness and décor of our room.  The unfortunate and accidental happening on a couple days ago, was actually a good test of our safety and security system, which proved its efficiency.  The employees that were going through all corridors were there to reassure all our Guests that the emergency immediately ceased, as in fact, there was no actual emergency occurrence, just some burnt bread and related smell!  The hotel was 100% booked and we met as many guests as possible during the day to have a word with them and to apologize. So sorry for the lack of attention and for having missed you.  Of course, we would have loved you to enjoy your experience with us thoroughly and we hope we will have another chance to welcoming you back in the future.  Please do not hesitate to get in touch with the Executive Office so that we may ensure your next stay to be flawless.   Best regards,  Paolo Lorenzoni General ManagerRead more