Good points. Location close to main sight seeing points for first trip. Nice terrace for breakfast and (expensive) drinks. Nice bathrooms. Not so good. Overly expensive, drinks even more expensive than best hotels in Mayfair.  Lunch or dinner on the terrace don't think of change from 120 euros plus. Concierge polite but a little dismissive and certainly not overly helpful. Rooms small and you will be stuck in a room with no view or overlooking inside courtyard roof ( basically looking into someone else's room) unless you complain, flash your cash or are super lucky, non of which apply to us. Glad I've tried the Gritti Palace but next time will stay elsewhere, most probably in a less busy part of the city, 5 star, with more 'London' 5 star sensibilities, polite, discreet and…Read moreDate of stay: July 2016HelpfulShare Response from ExecOffice-HtlGritti, General Manager at The Gritti Palace, a Luxury Collection HotelResponded Aug 3, 2016Dear Guest,  Thank you for having highlighted the great location of The Gritti Palace, being it centrally positioned and at walking distance from most visited attractions.  On the other hand, we regret that we did not manage to create the memorable sojourn you had foreseen, both due to the room assigned in your favour as well as to the services received from the Concierge department, for which we are sorry.  This gives us the opportunity to mention that our Gritti is a 15th century patrician palazzo with a unique gothic structure, featuring a variety of accommodations different from another concerning exposure, layout and size.  Despite these variances, the accommodations are naturally grouped in several categories and described in our website, (size and pictures included) in order to allow all of our customers to select their preferred room and price range.  Although whenever possible we are pleased to concede free upgrades, it is obviously not always possible and consequently rooms’ assignment reflects the booked category which, in your case, was not up to your expectations.  We kindly invite you to make your future reservation through one of our Agents at our Reservation Center so that they may help you selecting the best choice for you, along with highlighting your room preferences to help us possibly to personalize the assignment according to your priorities.  We look forward to welcoming you back for a flawless and enriching experience.  Sincerely yours,  Paolo Lorenzoni General Manager Read more