Our recent trip to Venice included a stay at the Gritti Palace. It was truly disappointing. Only 1, much smaller than expected room was ready, so we had lunch on the patio. To call the food ridiculously expensive is an understatement. A medium sized bottle of water is 10 euros. The Hemingway burger was more like meat loaf. Even though there are awnings, it was still uncomfortably hot. The rooms were still not ready after lunch, so we walked around the city. When we returned after the promised time, we were told yet again the rooms were unavailable, so we requested to speak to the manager. He proceeded to tell us that the situation was not his fault as the hotel was fully booked. Finally 1 room was made available, which was an upgrade. It was large, but did not have the canal…Read moreDate of stay: June 20162 Helpful votesHelpfulShare Response from ExecOffice-HtlGritti, General Manager at The Gritti Palace, a Luxury Collection HotelResponded Jul 28, 2016Dear Guest,  Thank you for having chosen our Gritti for your Venetian visit and we are, once again, sorry for the discomfort you experienced having had only one accommodation available for immediate check/in upon your arrival at 12.50 p.m., while your family had to wait until 03.33 p.m. for the second and 04.50 p.m. for the third room, according to our property management system.  As you are already aware of, on your arrival day our hotel was running 100% occupancy with very little flexibility in the room assignment, taking also into account the multiple level upgrades accorded to all three accommodations of yours, since you had booked standard rooms' category (no one with Canal View).  On the other hand, we are sure you very much enjoyed your 04.17 p.m. check out on your departure day.  With regards to your outbound transfer, our registrations show our request to the taxi company from the hotel to the railway station and we are sorry having learned only some days later through your travel agent that the taxi took you instead to "Piazzale Roma", which is the one and only Car and Bus Terminal Station in Venice used by many visitors travelling within Italy by a rented car with driver.   If we had been immediately advised, we could have called the taxi company to avoid you to walk to the train station which, although not far, we agree is not a pleasant walk carrying own luggage.  As previously mentioned, having in the meanwhile privately corresponded through your Travel Agent, we believe that the bad feeling expressed through this exposition has lowered and we hope we shall have soon the pleasure of your return visit.   Best regards,   Paolo Lorenzoni General ManagerRead more