The Gritti Palace is absolutely gorgeous. The bar and restaurant there are both fantastic and the rooms are perfectly appointed. That said, we did have one pretty unfortunate experience with staff. Upon arriving we let a gentlemen at the reception desk (balding, wearing glasses-did not think to get his name) know that we only had the afternoon and evening in Venice and were wondering what highlights he thought we should see. He immediately advised that we MUST go to Murano and walk around and that there was a free shuttle from the hotel. We were jet lagged and weary so we did not ask very many questions and took his advice. A boat quickly arrived to pick us up. The boat ride to Murano is 20 or so minutes one way. Upon arriving a nice gentleman named Ricardo immediately greeted…Read moreDate of stay: August 20193 Helpful votesHelpfulShare Response from DayTrip44222784780, General Manager at The Gritti Palace, a Luxury Collection HotelResponded Aug 16, 2019Dear absz2018,  Let us thank you for the time and the trouble taken to share your feelings with us in reference to your recent stay with us at the Hotel Gritti Palace.  Given the nature of our business, it is our expressed commitment to make every guest experience an enjoyable one and unique one .  On the specific , Our Concierges suggest always the best for our Clients and the “Must do “ if you have only one day to have a macro-picture of Venice.  The constant aim is to offer all our guests the highest level of taylor-made service.  Within the San Marco Square and its Doges’ Palace and the nearby Cathedral , the Rialto Market and the Ghetto , one of the places most important for its local  handicraft is still the Murano & some of the finest Glass Factories where the worldwide recognized Glass Master use a very ancient  knowledge to model the Glass mass taken at 1200° into unique creations from the mitten to show you while they are working . This is the scope of the Visit as far as we know .  Apart the Glass Factories , Murano is famous  for the Church of San Donato originally built in the 7th century with its 12th century mosaics pavement and among the oldest of the lagoon of Venice.  There is a privileged Service with the Glass Factory’shuttle independent from the Hotel to reach one of the finest Glass Factories we have the show windows in the Hotel lobby with a granted return to Venice, destination to decide on the spot . As probably explained by the Concierge the alternative to visit the Murano Island was to take the public transport within a 45 minute ride instead of the 15 minutes ride of their shuttle .  I am very sorry if, on this specific occasion, for the reason you highlighted , we failed .  I would thank you very much if you could reach us directly in order to better understand which glass factory you have been and to speak with Mr. Riccardo so we can investigate further.  Thank you for your constructive feedback and please feel free to contact me directly if I can be of any assistance to you in the future.   Paolo Lorenzoni General Manager   Read more