Visited the famous hotel for drinks and spa. Beautiful property, great cocktail, helpful service with Spa inquiry (no availibility on the day sadly). But the actual Afternoon Tea set we ordered was very average. Soggy, cold sandwiches; 4 scones with whipped (not clotted) and no jam; 2 kind of uninspring tarts.   Worst of all, when i wanted to give feedback to the hotel, Senoir conciege staff (wearing golden key symbol) mocked us with "It is not England so it is not going to be the same. If you want butter you can ask the service staff". I was dazzled with the sterotype, rude and arrogant behaviour, and i thought this cant be true for a luxury place like this. So i repeated my request again, this time he became even more agressive "So you want to complaint?! Is that what you…Read moreDate of stay: April 20163 Helpful votesHelpfulShare Response from ExecOffice-HtlGritti, General Manager at The Gritti Palace, a Luxury Collection HotelResponded Jun 17, 2016Dear Guest,   Thank you for having visited The Gritti during your stay in Venice.  We appreciate both your positive comments about the hotel décor and some services as well as your constructive criticism related to other departments, as they both represent an important instrument for us to improve.   We very much regret to read that the expected enjoyable afternoon spent at our Bar Longhi revealed itself as a complete disappointment, not only for the quality of our Afternoon Tea set but most of all for the inappropriate behavior of one Concierge team member, which is actually inexplicable.   We constantly train our team to deliver warm and attentive service; therefore we share your discontent and deeply apologize if we have not been able to provide you with the memorable experience you deserved.   We hope will allow us another opportunity to display the best of our hospitality in the future and to show you how much we care of our Guests, both resident and non-resident.  Best regards,  Paolo Lorenzoni General ManagerRead more