Polly and I stayed for 6 nights in mid April.  The Gritti sits on the Grand Canal almost opposite the Santa Maria della Salute church. The views from the terraces are spectacular and sitting watching Venetian life sail by is a highly recommended pastime!  The public areas of the hotel are nothing short of spectacular with all areas decorated in rich classical style. Our room was on the 3rd floor with no view other than an office block. It was a decent size and extremely luxurious. The bed was amazingly comfortable! The room suffered from a lot of noise from the canal outside particularly early in the morning ( around 5am onwards)  We ate breakfast every day out on the terrace and found it to be well provided. All tastes are catered to and at a very high standard of quality.  We…Read moreDate of stay: April 2016HelpfulShare Response from ExecOffice-HtlGritti, General Manager at The Gritti Palace, a Luxury Collection HotelResponded Apr 27, 2016Dear Guest,   We are grateful to you for having selected the Gritti as well as for having provided us with your comments.  We are very pleased to read that you began every day of your “Venetian discovery” with a high quality breakfast served on our terraces with a magnificent view.   Given the Venetian urban structure and being our city not only a national heritage site but also a Unesco one where every single stone is preserved and cannot be altered, no antique palace offer a swimming pool facility, at least in downtown.   There are actually few exceptions of hotels offering a pool and a sunbath area, however these hotels are located on islands and have ground surrounding them.  Differently from many other Venetian hotel, we are lucky enough to be able to offer our Guests the possibility to enjoy the life of the city flowing by on its main thoroughfare, the Grand Canal, by sitting in the open air, on our wonderful wooden terraces.  Looking forward to your next visit and remain, with Best regards,   Paolo Lorenzoni General Manager Read more