We stayed at the Gritti for 4 nights in August 2015. We visit the Art Biennale every time and normally stay at Bauer Palazzo. This time we wanted to try the Gritti.   While the hotel itself is pretty flawless, our stay started off a little bumpy. When we arrived by watertaxi the Concierge who picked us up at the Canale Grande jetty seemed not to be in a very good mood. No words of welcome, just took our luggage and ushered us to the reception area where we were left waiting to be checked in. The concierge just said, someone will be with us and disappeared. Not asking how our journey was etc. which is you would normally expect when arriving at any hotel. It felt really impolite! So we sat there waiting to be checked in and nothing happened for about 10 minutes. Then a lady sat…Read moreDate of stay: August 2015HelpfulShare Response from ExecOffice-HtlGritti, General Manager at The Gritti Palace, a Luxury Collection HotelResponded Feb 15, 2016Dear Guest,  Thank you for having shared your experience of few months ago at our Gritti Palace on TripAdvisor.   We really appreciate your positive comments about our palace and its central location, the incomparable beauty of the sight from our terraces, and the readiness and helpfulness of the entire team, with the unfortunate exception of the person that approached you upon arrival, as you mentioned, aspect for which we are very sorry.  Our constant aim is to offer all of our guests the highest level of service and we are really concerned by your disappointment with the attitude of the concierge attendant that offered you an inappropriate welcome, aspect that we would have loved to learn during your stay with us.  I share your discontent for the level of service provided which did not reflect our usual standards and I do regret of the consequent discomfort that you experienced.  I sincerely hope to have the privilege and opportunity to welcome you again to our Gritti in order to change the impression you have reported into a better one. Please do not hesitate to contact the Executive Office directly for any arrangement regarding your future travels to our city.  Best regards,  Paolo Lorenzoni General ManagerRead more