as other travelers have observed, the gritti is the model of hotel excellence in every way.  the staff was invariably friendly and the concierge (especially umberto) well informed and helpful.  the restaurant is  of very high quality, and the buffet breakfast was particularly spectacular.  if possible ask for an upgrade upon check in, obviously for a grand canal view room - the hotel is very expensive, but probably on par with other five star local accommodations.  rooms were clean, well appointed and the wifi was effective and available throughout the property.  location is central to st mark's square, about  a 7 minute walk through well signed streets and near the main shopping areas.  a minor weak point is the under-staffed spa; difficult to obtain appointments and the spa…Read moreDate of stay: December 2015HelpfulShare Response from ExecOffice-HtlGritti, General Manager at The Gritti Palace, a Luxury Collection HotelResponded Jan 8, 2016Dear Guest,   Thank you for having added your accurate observations!  We are delighted that you enjoyed the central location, your accommodation, the food quality savoured at our restaurant both at breakfast and at dinner time and, more than anything else, the genuine and attentive care of all our staff, aiming to let you have a memorable stay and, of Umberto, to let you discover the many attractions of this unique city through his effective indications.  Differently, we do regret to read that you perceived our Blue Mediterraneo SPA by Acqua di Parma being not well organized and moreover, that apparently nobody properly explained you its services.  Although belatedly, please be informed that the SPA opening time is printed in the in-room directory, on the SPA brochure and on its treatments tariffs’ listing. Additionally, treatments out of opening hours are also regularly performed, on an “on demand” basis. We are really sorry to learn of your difficulties in obtaining appointments!  We look forward to your next visit to take extra care of you!  Paolo Lorenzoni General Manager Read more