Let me start by saying that I am not a big fan of Venice hotels.  I come here for business so find most of the properties to be dated and resting on the laurels of a captive audience.  The Gritti Palace is, at the least, the best that Venice offers and would be a first rate hotel in most markets.  No, it would never make the cut in places like London or Tokyo or Hong Kong.  However, for where it is and the logistical nightmare it must be to run a full service hotel in Venice it does an excellent job.    The rooms, while standard European small sized, are tastefully done in classic furnishings. While not at all up to normal urban standards for working in the room (large desk etc) it is adequate.  Wifi is a whopping 10mps which is a bonus in the fickle offerings of hotels in…Read moreDate of stay: December 2015HelpfulShare Response from ExecOffice-HtlGritti, General Manager at The Gritti Palace, a Luxury Collection HotelResponded Dec 30, 2015Dear Guest,  Thank you for your review and for detailing in such an appreciative manner the services we provided you with.  We are also delighted to read that according to your experience, our Gritti Palace is the best hotel in Venice.    We are overjoyed to mention that your opinion is shared by many international travelers as proven by the various awards and accolades received, of which we are proud!  Below our 2015 list (recorded in alphabetic order):   Condé Nast Traveler | Gold List  Robb Report | Top 100 Hotels  SPG Member Favorite – selected by SPG members as one of their favorite Starwood Hotels Worldwide Times & Sunday Times Travel Award | Best Overseas Hotel  Travel & Leisure | 100 World’s Best Hotels #24 Travel and Leisure | World’s Best Small City Hotels Europe #3  Trip Advisor | Traveler's Choice Awards  #2 Trip Advisor | Top 25 Hotels for Best Service, Italy #18  Trip Advisor | 25 Top Luxury Hotels Italy, 25 Best Hotels Italy Trip Advisor Certificate of Excellence 2015 | The Gritti Palace   We hope we shall have soon the pleasure of your renewed visit and look forward to it.  Until then, we remain,   Sincerely yours,  Paolo Lorenzoni General Manager Read more