We travelled in April 2012.  While we found the building upkeep, particularly bathrooms really not updated, rest of the Gritty Palace offered undue charm... It's location on opening of Grand Canal gives it one of the best view of Venice. St Marks Square is in walking distance and so are other popular destination. Rooms were otherwise well draped and chandeliared, Lobby was beautifully marbled, functional and clean. Earnest Hemingway memorabilia fills another library type lounge room. I did not get a novel idea sitting there ;-(  For breakfast, we chose to try different local bakeries every morning, as there are too many wonderful options. One can pick up some combinations and cappacuno and go to some square or canal view and just have a lazy breakfast. Afternoons meals would be…Read moreDate of stay: April 20151 Helpful voteHelpfulShare Response from ExecOffice-HtlGritti, General Manager at The Gritti Palace, a Luxury Collection HotelResponded Nov 26, 2015Dear Guest,  Thank you for having chosen our hotel for your Venetian experience and for having shared your impressions.  While we are thankful for your positive rating and your appreciation of the location, we are very sorry to read that you perceived our bathrooms being not updated.  This gives us the opportunity to mention that The Gritti Palace, following a significant and extensive restoration that added all modern comforts meanwhile retaining its reassuringly intimate and familiar feel along with its style and charm, re-opened its doors with in February 2013.  Since then, naturally, maintenance is regularly performed.  We also very much regret to learn that both of your experiences at our Club del Doge Restaurant were not up to your expectations and that you did privilege less formal surrounding venues.  We trust we will have the pleasure of welcoming you back on your next visit to Venice, in order to have a chance to delight you with a tailor made service.  Sincerely yours,  Paolo Lorenzoni General ManagerRead more