A fantastic service from start to finish with all staff always going just that little bit extra - the concierge were fabulous. We stayed in the Coppa Volpi suite which was amazing! Lovely Acqua di Palma products in the bathroom.   It's a great location - just a 5 minute stroll to St Marks Square.  One of our favourite things was to sit outside at the end of the day, before getting ready to go out to dinner, on the side of the Grand Canal having a drink with beautiful views & just watching everything going on.    We booked our river taxi through the hotel which included transport from the airport terminal to the river boat terminal. Definitely worth doing as it was so quick!  Can't recommend highly enough. Read moreDate of stay: November 2015HelpfulShare Response from ExecOffice-HtlGritti, General Manager at The Gritti Palace, a Luxury Collection HotelResponded Nov 28, 2015Dear Guest,  Thank you for your comment and for highlighting that the team went an extra mile to please you!   We are delighted that you were impressed with our Coppa Volpi Suite, which gives us the opportunity to illustrate it…   Dedicated to the glamour of the Venice International Film Festival, the Coppa Volpi Suite is named after the festival's founder, Count Giuseppi Volpi di Misurata, and celebrates the city's role as a hub of arts and culture.   Set on the first floor of The Gritti Palace with a private stand-up balcony, overlooks Campo Santa Maria del Giglio from all of its seven windows.    Reminiscent of the European Grand Tour, the suite's eclectic 19th century style features rich furnishings and meticulously restored antiques from different periods of the hotel's history.   It also boasts an audio visual entertainment system and a collection of films presented over the years at the Venice International Film Festival is available for the exclusive enjoyment of the suites occupants.  We hope that your future travels will include another stay in our iconic hotel.  Best regards,  Paolo  Lorenzoni General ManagerRead more