Excellent location, beautiful hotel dripping with gorgeous history. Definitely the best hotel in Venice. The bar is absolutely fantastic; have an incredible drink as you gaze at the water and landscape. The waiters are superb. Concierge was subpar, and rooms are on the smaller side. Also, they said they upgraded us but didn't pay any attention to our specific room ask (room with a Grand Canal view).Read moreDate of stay: August 2015HelpfulShare Response from ExecOffice-HtlGritti, Direttore generale at The Gritti Palace, a Luxury Collection HotelResponded Sep 24, 2015Dear Guest,   We are grateful for your comments and for having defined The Gritti “the best hotel in Venice with an excellent location” – in the heart of the city, at a walking distance from most important sites – “and a glorious history” – which indeed applies both to the palace as well as to the hotel itself.  Contemporarily, it saddens us to learn that your interactions with the concierge were not as satisfactory as with other departments having as result a mediocre service.   With regards to your further statement concerning the rooms, please be informed that given the antique nature of the building, our accommodations - despite being all equipped with any modern facility and the majority of them with the comfort of separate shower and bath tube - they do indeed differ from each other in size, layout and even in ceiling height.   Another aspect of differentiation is the view, which was the parameter adopted to group the accommodations in different categories in order to better provide our customers with a description and to make them aware of our “products”.  Although we cannot double-check exactly your booking and the occupied room, we assume that you were assigned to a room type above the one booked (we do have 4 double rooms categories and 6 suites categories).  It is undeniable that the majority of our guests long for a room overlooking the Grand Canal and consequently, keeping also into consideration the limited number of keys of this category, these rooms are the first one being sold.  We are absolute certain that your request of room upgrade was noticed – we assure you that a high level of attention is devoted to clients’ reservations remarks - however we were not in the position of complying with it.  We very much regret if the lack of the desired view led to a less enjoyable sojourn.   Please allow us to mention that whatever room type you wish to be granted, that is the one that should immediately be taken, if available, at time of booking. This particularly applies to the Landmark Double Rooms since everyone’s desire is to have a magnificent view on the Grand Canal!  Looking forward to your return visit, we remain, with  Best regards,  Paolo Lorenzoni General ManagerRead more