Spent four nights at the Gritti Palace.  Rooms are small yet so full of furniture, chandeliers, heavy drapes and painted walls and even furniture that it is over-kill.  Only two English speaking tv channels (CNN and FOX news).  For the money, definitely not worth it!Read moreDate of stay: August 2015HelpfulShare Response from ExecOffice-HtlGritti, Direttore generale at The Gritti Palace, a Luxury Collection HotelResponded Aug 7, 2015Dear Guest,  Thank you for posting your comments on TripAdvisor.   We greatly value your feedback about your stay with us and we deeply regret that your experience was not up to your expectations, mainly since the hotel décor, typical Venetian, was not of your liking.   This gives us the opportunity to mention that our Gritti is a 15th century noble palazzo with a unique gothic structure (that undergoes severe regulations), featuring a variety of accommodations different from another concerning exposure, layout and size.  Despite these variances, the accommodations were naturally grouped in several room types and described in our website, (size and pictures included) in order to allow all of our customers to select their preferred room.  It seems to us that your dissatisfaction with your accommodation was neither reported to the Management nor to the Front Office agents during your stay: we assure you that we would have tried to change the room assigned in your favour into one meeting your approval.  As far as the television is concerned, we are equally sorry that you could only find two English speaking TV channels having at least 10 free television channels at disposal of our guests, plus some others which can turn into English only by pressing a button on the remote control!  We hope that you will give us the pleasure of your return visit in the future so that we shall be able to rectify your feeling towards our Gritti by personalizing your room’s assignment. Please feel free to mention your priorities upon reservation and we will do our utmost to select a room accordingly.   Yours sincerely,  Paolo Lorenzoni General ManagerRead more