Wahrscheinlich das beste Hotel am Flughafen Stuttgart in Bezug auf Zimmer Komfort, Service und die Nähe zu den Toren, aber oh Boy ... Sie wirklich für alles! Bitte helfen sie mir erklären, warum einfachen Hotels bieten einen kostenlosen Internet und Frühstück und das Hotel, was schon teuer ist, stark für diese Dienstleistungen Gebühren?!  Wir sind in Europa nach allem, nicht in den USA, wo dies ziemlich Standard ist. Außerdem die Kosten für den Internetzugang, ich fand auch im Internet sehr kundenfeindlich zu bedienen und es funktionierte nicht mehr in der Lobby. mindestens, erwarte ich Internet kostenlos ist und richtig funktionierte in der Lobby. Das Frühstücksbuffet war toll mit viel Auswahl. Schlußbemerkung über lost & found: Mein Kollege vergessen seine Brille im Hotel und…Mehr lesenAufenthaltsdatum: Dezember 2014Übersetzung bewerten HilfreichSenden Antwort von moevenpickhotel1, Manager im Mövenpick Hotel Stuttgart AirportBeantwortet: 12. Jan. 2015Mit Google übersetzenDear Guest,  thank you very much for having taken the time to rate your stay at the Mövenpick Hotel Stuttgart  Airport & Messe. Your comment is very important for us as it helps us to improve ourselves. Please let us explain our pricing philosophy. We have heard you and many other guests and the company decided that as of the new year the basic internet connection will be free of charge in all rooms and a higher bandwidth at a decent price.  So far we had included internet only in our superior rooms which are of a slightly higher charge with additional amenities. In your last stay you must have stayed in a comfort room at a reduced price.  I can’t see why we should offer breakfast for free as we have over 100 items on our buffet, all coffee specialties are included and for our early risers we offer an early bird breakfast free of charge in the morning. To include the breakfast in the room price would increase the price for the room for everyone. And I hope you agree that this service is similar to a dinner which is not for free either.  As for the problem with the glasses I can only apologize and there is no excuse for this miscommunication. Please be sure, that I will forward your comment once again to our team at the reception in order to make them more sensitive in this matter in the future.  Dear guest, nevertheless we hope to have the opportunity to welcome you again in the near future. It would be great to meet you in person the next time. In the meantime we wish you all the best.  Kind Regards Jürgen Köhler Hotel ManagerMehr lesen