Ich war für eine Nacht in diesem Hotel. Es liegt direkt gegenüber der Ankunftshalle des Flughafen Stuttgart. Das Einchecken war schnell und das Personal ist freundlich. Mein Zimmer war geräumig und sauber. Das Frühstück am nächsten Morgen war gut genug und nicht ist im Preis enthalten. Ich finde das Hotel zu teuer im Vergleich zu 4 Sterne Hotels in der Stadt. Mövenpick Preise scheint 50% höher. Aber wenn Sie gerne in der Flughafen Gegend, dass man nicht wirklich eine Auswahl.Mehr lesenAufenthaltsdatum: Juli 2016Übersetzung bewerten HilfreichSenden Antwort von moevenpickhotel1, Leiter Gästebetreuung im Mövenpick Hotel Stuttgart AirportBeantwortet: 27. Juli 2016Mit Google übersetzenDear guest,  thank you very much for staying with us and your comment on TripAdvisor.  We are happy to read that you enjoyed your stay with us, the great service provided by our team and the great location near by the airport.   As in all Mövenpick Hotels & Resorts worldwide we are working with the best price policy. This means we always offer the best available room price at the time of the booking. The price setting depends on many factors, like trade fairs and congresses in Stuttgart, meetings and conventions in our hotel and further influences. Many airlines as well as international hotel chains are already working with these price settings. On the website of Mövenpick Hotels & Resorts we offer always the best available rates and early booking offers, on which you can save up to 30%.  Also we offer rates, which include or exclude the breakfast, so you as a guest can decide. Our early bird breakfast before 5:30 a.m. is free of charge. Due to the large variety – a total of more than 125 choices - and quality of food and beverage items including all hot beverages and to the minute prepared egg dishes we think that the price for the buffet is justified. However we also offer an a la carte selection.  It would be a pleasure to welcoming you back again. We wish you all the best.  Best regards  Victoria Zimmermann, Guest Relations – Mövenpick Hotel Stuttgart Airport & Messe Mehr lesen