Es ist ein sehr schönes Hotel, aber zu teuer in Bezug auf den Service. In einem Hotel dieser Klasse verstehe ich nicht, warum wir bezahlen 27 € pro 24 H für das Internet. fast in der Welt der WiFi umsonst. Auch unmöglich die Zimmer auf der Innenseite Temperatur ändern? ? ? ??  Klimaanlage von Kindern? Für diesen Preis, das nächste Mal werde ich ein anderes Hotel buchen.Mehr lesenAufenthaltsdatum: Juni 2013Übersetzung bewerten HilfreichSenden Antwort von moevenpickhotel1, Manager im Mövenpick Hotel Stuttgart AirportBeantwortet: 18. Juni 2013Mit Google übersetzenDear guest,  Thank you for having taken the time to share your opinion about your stay.  Please be informed that we only have two 24 hour- Internet offers: For Emailing and surfing the web, you will pay 12€ per 24H or 17€ per 24H for our “Business and multimedia” offer providing a higher data rate. Do not hesitate to contact us directly if another rate has been charged to you.  Added to this, in all our rooms, a free connection is included except in comfort rooms. In our executive rooms, junior suites, and suites you will also benefit from additional services such as a late check-out for example.  Regarding the temperature in your room, I would like to apologize for the discomfort that has been caused to you. Please rest assure that the air conditioning system is independently adjustable in each room in that you can decrease or increase the temperature by 3 degrees. Should the outside temperature be cold enough and under 11 °C, the air conditioning would not be useable. This has been recently changed in order to satisfy the expectations of our guests. Before the AC would not be useable as of an outside temperature of 15 °C.  Our system is regulated in order to avoid any energy misusage. Unfortunately, as I do not know when exactly you stayed with us, I am not able to provide you with an adapted answer. Should you be willing to receive a more individual answer to your feedback, please do not hesitate to contact us directly.   We hope to receive another opportunity to welcome you at the Mövenpick in Stuttgart and convince you about the quality of our amenities.   Kind Regards Tiaré de Vries Online reputation managerMehr lesen