Arrived in our room to find twin beds when we had booked a double, I rang down and they said we had been upgraded but they only had a twin room in the higher bracket. But there was no mention of this at reception when we actually checked in? Nobody ask us if this was ok  Also why would we want to sleep in separate beds if we are a couple on a celebratory weekend?? So we ended up ‘downgrading’ back to the room i actually booked with one bed for both of us. Very rude on the phone, i said i booked a room specifically with a double as it was an option on the website. He said i did not and it was no where on the booking. But then he said yes you booked a double in the lower bracket. Yes i booked a double!! I specifically chose that room bracket for the double as the website shows the availability. We are a couple we want a double bed not individual beds!   However in this room we then downgraded back to there were no tea/coffee facilities? We were told this bracket of room doesn’t supply this. NOT what it says on the website!!! However they said it was no problem to bring something up so they did, a kettle, cups and 3 coffee and 3 tea bags. No milk no sugar etc so we did not use this facility because every time we called down we were made to feel like an inconvenience so did not want to ask again!!  Spa was closed the night we chose to use, with no warning? Nobody told us it was closing early. If we knew we could have changed our plans. When i searched for hotels in stuttgart i searched for spa hotels. However i could not use this facility in the end. If they told me it was closed even that morning rang the room or left a note i could have got back to the hotel earlier to use as planned. But no notice at all. Very disappointing. Birthday trip not very special so far!!   I informed the hotel trip was for a birthday can they do something, even just a card in the room or something and they said yes. But nothing was there not even the words happy birthday to my partner on check in.   Breakfast was a rush one morning, so we didn’t do it again we went elsewhere for the rest of the trip. We were told it was closing early that day, again no notice!!! She explained we had 15 minutes to find the food before it was cleared and we could take it to the bar and stay there longer. But this was not true when we got in the food was being taken already! We missed out on a lot of the breakfast options because it was being cleared away, omelette man made me an omelette but refused my boyfriend as he wanted to go. Very unfair. Impossible to eat and select food when they say you have 15 minutes but are already clearing everything away. No discount or apology offered. We paid nearly 60 euros for an omelette and a slice of toast and then everything else was taken. We wish we never bothered.  Another inconvenience we found was being waken up every morning by the maids. 8.30/9am when we are on a romantic holiday we are not here to wake up and be out the room so early!!   Finally parking, 24 euros a night. Then extra when we want to come and go in the day 5/10 euros every time we left as well as the over night charge. We spend 150 euros on parking! A public car park, but disappointing to see no discount or special rates for hotel guests. Or easier use to come and go.   I chose a Marriott hotel, with a premium price tag because that’s what i thought i would get. There were much cheaper options in the city so value for money for me is really not what i expected. I am a very frequent traveller and I have stayed and paid for some fabulous hotels so for me the money is not a problem, it’s the lack of personal touches and service when you are paying a premium price tag. It’s not an ibis styles or a premier inn! But it felt like it.   We definitely won’t be back, and won’t recommend either. There has to be better places with better services and facilities in Stuttgart.…