We have chosen this hotel based on guests reviews and nearest to the main train HBF station.    The check in process was very smooth and fast as our three Superior Rooms were ready and allocated prior to our arrival which is a professional act from the hotel.We thank the lady receptionist who did the fantastic check in .      The hotel staff are very friendly and cooperative .      The hotel even it's not a new hotel  location is good as stated by previous guests reviews every thing minutes walk to it  e.g. main train station , underground , restaurant , café , shopping mall , shopping Königstraße street ,  Schlossplatz  attractions , etc ...       The internet WiFi is free and good .     The hotel has a Valet Parking service available cost € 20 per day .    The breakfast in the…Read moreDate of stay: August 20192 Helpful votesHelpfulShare Response from Graf_Zeppelin, Personal Assistant to the General Manager at Steigenberger Graf ZeppelinResponded Aug 9, 2019Dear esteemed guest,  First of all, we want to thank you for your stay with us and for your invested time to share your point of view. We always want to improve our service quality and appreciate your support.  For your satisfaction is most important to us we regret, that the choice on our breakfast buffet and the bed did not meet your expectations. We apologize for any inconveniences you might had due to that.  You will find a high-grade Nespresso coffee machine from Deluxe category or higher and of course our roomservice is available for you at any time to serve you freshly brewed coffee.  We forwarded your comment about the minibar and cooling system to our Director Engineering to double-check. Please be sure that this is not our regular standard.   All the more we are grateful about your acclamation to our helpful reception team, free wifi and central location. Thank you very much indeed.  It would be our greatest pleasure to welcome you again and proof our strength in high-level quality.  All the best  Angelika Bross Steigenberger Graf Zeppelin Read more