As usual I spend my last evening 29.05. at the Davidoff loung after a nice diner at Zeppelinos. After some waiting time I asked at reception to send some service pesonal. I was finally served by the most unfriendly an incompetent woman I ever met in 20 years of stay in this Hotel. She come over from the lobby bar. When I got my Earl Grey I dared to asked how long tea was already brewing. Although my german is very fluent Imhadvto repeat three times, then she shouted at me „dann eben 1:17“. Great service continued with cigar. I got my chosen one but she couldn‘t finf a guillotine to cut it. Finally out of a drawer she handed me cigar scissors „gaaaanz neu, gaaanz scharf“ unfortunately they weren‘t sharp at all which ruined my cigar. My last wish was a gas cigar lighter. She…Read moreReview collected in partnership with this hotelDate of stay: May 20191 Helpful voteHelpfulShare Response from Graf_Zeppelin, Leiter Öffentlichkeitsarbeit at Steigenberger Graf ZeppelinResponded Jun 24, 2019Dear Haas R, thank you for having taken the time to share your detailed feedback with us. It is a pleasure to hear that you like our hotel and we highly appreciate your loyalty. All the more it is very important to us that you feel well and fully enjoy all of your stays with us.  The inconvenience according to the service at our Davidoff Lounge we truly commiserate. After talking to the colleague, who is a trainee, we may reassure you that she never meant to be unfriendly and that she apologizes for any misunderstanding. We deploy trainees in most of our departments so that they get to know the whole operations of a hotel and we hope for your understanding that they do not get all the knowledge immediately. Certainly, we will use your feedback for further training to avoid any similar situations in the future.  With pleasure we will record your additional preferences for future visits and hope to welcoming you back soon to delight you with an impeccable stay.  With best regards Melanie Domin Steigenberger Graf ZeppelinRead more