Supposedly a four-star hotel but not keeping up with the competitors. I had booked a deluxe double with a seating area but only two armchairs were on offer rather than a more practical sofa - and this with a very large bathroom so you had a sense of wasted space there which might have benefited the seating area otherwise.  The light switch to the bathroom was on the wrong side, constantly hidden by the door to the bathroom. The toilet was located just behind a glass panel so no privacy if someone else is in the bathroom at that time too. Shower thankfully had good water pressure but again empty space in the shower cabin which might have been used better elsewhere.  The room got hot but we were told the hotel didn't have AC. The only options were 1) to increase the fan speed and…Read moreDate of stay: June 20191 Helpful voteHelpfulShare Response from Graf_Zeppelin, Leiter Öffentlichkeitsarbeit at Steigenberger Graf ZeppelinResponded Jun 7, 2019Dear Alexandra S., thank you for having taken the time to share your feedback with us. We hope that you were able to spent an overall pleasant time in Stuttgart and are very concerned to hear that we were not able to delight you. According to your room we commiserate not having met your expectations. We are always pleased to learn about our guests' preferences during their reservation to offer the appropriate room as we do offer a more spacious junior suite with a comfortable living area including a sofa, armchair and large table. Also the mattress cover below the bed sheet - a hygienic standard in favour of our guests - can be removed on request. We are very sorry that our housekeeping team was not able to inform you about our existing pillow options. Please rest assured that we will check on our performance in this regard. It would be a pleasure to welcoming you back if you consider our hotel again for a future occasion as we will do our utmost to positively surprise you with an impeccable stay. With best regards Melanie Domin Steigenberger Graf Zeppelin  Read more