This is a fine business hotel in a premium location which is completely let down by its rude, dismissive, and poorly trained reception staff  who are incapable of dealing politely (or at all) with the most basic request .   A complete contrast to the cheerful smiling cleaning ladies who could lead by example.    While we were happy with the rate for the two  rooms, one of the receptionists however made it very clear to us that our expectations should be moderated due to the fact we were on a booking.com  rate.- hardly professional. The rooms though small are clean and comfortable and while the hotel was busy during our stay, the lobby & bar area was rarely crowded with little noise from  the corridors. The cost of breakfast for all five of us exceeded the daily room rate,…Read moreDate of stay: July 2011HelpfulShare Response from Graf_Zeppelin, Manager at Steigenberger Graf ZeppelinResponded Aug 22, 2011Dear guest  We are sorry to hear that you did not find the hotel to your liking.   We have forwarded your comments about our service to the respective heads of department in order that they may address these issues directly with their team.   We would like to point out though that making a great deal on one product should not automatically lead to the expectations of discounting all products.   We offer a 5* breakfast buffet with a wide choice of egg specialities, baked beans, bacon, sausages, baked tomatoes, meat loafs, a selection of French cheese, smoked salmon, different fish, approx. 10 different sorts of bread, choice of cereals, 7 different kinds of jam, 4 different kinds of honey, yoghurts, 6 cakes, fresh fruits, a teabar with a great choice of teas and even fresh Moroccan mince tea, coffee specialities, sparkling wine and 8 different juices.   We believe that this represents a great offer for a fair price, but is of course a question of personal taste if one likes buffets or not. We offer Roomservice breakfast or lighter breakfast choices at the Zeppelin Bar for those who prefer not to use the buffet.    Please consider that our reception team did not want to be rude or dismissive but could not meet your expectations of a free upgrade.  Dear traveller, we welcome your feedback and would have appreciated the opportunity to improve your stay whilst you were here or at latest try a Service recovery upon check out.    We hope we have the opportunity restoring your faith in the Steigenberger Graf Zeppelin during your next stay.   Cordially yours,   Bernd A. Zängle General ManagerRead more