We stayed 5 nights at this hotel and booked it with points. We are since 5 years platinum elite members so I think we know how to judge and are able to compare it with other jw properties in general  First of all the staff is really really super nice. They help you with anything you need. A special thanks to Verena and Sara from guest relations.   As a platinum member wifi is included. Breakfast is no more free of charge since 2016. As I booked the hotel in 2015 with the old conditions that breakfast was included we got at least 2 days breakfast for free. Although I should have insisted for 5 days as I was informed wrongly we accepted it then.  Breakfast is nice but it didn't blast us away. Small things to improve would be the choice of bread. All simple white Italian bread. We…Read moreDate of stay: August 2016HelpfulShare Response from JWMarriottVenice, General Manager at JW Marriott Venice Resort & SpaResponded Aug 2, 2016Dear Howard H, thanks for your detailed review. We appreciate your kind words about our nice hotel, accommodating staff and amazing views. We are delighted that you enjoyed spending time at our rooftop pool. I agree, the views of Venice and the Lagoon are just spectacular!  With regards to your comments about breakfast, as was mentioned in the pre-arrival email as well as our correspondence with you before your stay, unfortunately Marriott Rewards’ terms and conditions state that as a resort we do not offer complimentary breakfast to Elite members. I am very sorry about the inconvenience caused.  Our intention is to create a peaceful and relaxing atmosphere at our resort, therefore you are also correct in saying that our pools are for the exclusive use of our hotel guests and the roof top pool is adults-only. We apologize if our strict policies caused disappointment but we feel that this is very important in order to maintain the serene ambience that we are known for.  We hope that you enjoyed celebrating your 10-year anniversary at our magical Isola delle Rose and we look forward to welcoming you and your partner (and your lovable dog Bounty!) back again soon.  All the best, Enrique Tasende, General Manager Read more