After getting married, and looking for a short trip away for our Honeymoon, we decided to splash out at this hotel, and I can't fault our decision. We weren't looking for somewhere within the main Venice stretch, but somewhere a little quieter with easy access to the main part if and when we wanted it. The hotel has free shuttles every half an hour up to around midnight, and we took advantage of this the 2nd and 3rd night we were there. The spa is excellent, and I would recommend going just after breakfast for a relaxing morning as it tends to be much quieter then. The food is excellent from any of the 4 restaurants, though it was always going to be more expensive then heading in to town for dinner (so make use of the free shuttles later on as town is much less busy).  One other…Read moreDate of stay: July 2016HelpfulShare Response from JWMarriottVenice, General Manager at JW Marriott Venice Resort & SpaResponded Jul 31, 2016Dear Mike L, thanks so much for your wonderful feedback. We are happy to hear that you and your wife enjoyed celebrating your honeymoon at our magical Isola delle Rose. We appreciate your generous comments on our excellent spa, delicious food and fun culinary classes at the Sapori Cooking Academy.   We hope that you had the opportunity to dine at our Michelin-starred restaurant Dopolavoro. Our guests tell us that they love the welcoming but elegant atmosphere of our fine dining restaurant and with its gourmet offering and beautiful ambience, it is the perfect place to share a romantic dinner with a loved one.   We always encourage our guests to tell us beforehand if they are visiting Venice to celebrate a special occasion – whether that be a honeymoon, birthday, anniversary or proposal – so that we can better help you prepare for an unforgettable holiday. One way guests can do this is by responding to our pre-arrival emails or by emailing the property before arrival at info.venice@jwmarriotthotels.com.   Thank you for choosing the JW Marriott Venice and we hope to welcome you back again soon.  All the best, Enrique Tasende, General Manager Read more