While we really enjoyed our stay at the JW Mariott, there are definitely a few things that I would change. The room was spacious and clean and the pool was beautiful, overlooking the water towards Venice.   However, I wish we would have known just how far from Venice it was. It was very convenient that they had a water shuttle service from San Marco (walk towards the water from the church and look to the right, you will see a sign for it). Although it is only a 30 minute boat ride, you have to take a boat that only comes every 30 minutes each and every time you want to get into Venice. The water shuttle was fine, but the seats were always wet and it was always super hot and humid. The food at the hotel was not the best and the only way to get food that wasn't overpriced/ from…Read moreDate of stay: July 2016HelpfulShare Response from JWMarriottVenice, General Manager at JW Marriott Venice Resort & SpaResponded Jul 29, 2016Dear jkw810, thanks for your review. We appreciate your generous comments about our spacious and clean rooms, beautiful pools, convenient shuttle service and friendly staff.  At our Isola delle Rose, we pride ourselves in creating a unique identity that is completely our own. The reasons why we stand out and why guests gravitate to our property are different to why travellers choose to stay in the other iconic hotels in Venice. Our secluded and peaceful location is one of our strongest assets as well as our first-class facilities such as our GOCO Spa (the largest in Venice) and our Michelin-starred restaurant, Dopolavoro.   In addition, every decision we made when designing our resort experience and activity program supports our desire to deliver intuitive personal service in an authentic and crafted environment. For instance, our customers love the opportunity to taste our vegetables grown in our botanic gardens, sample our exclusive olive oil produced from our 100 olive trees or just spend the afternoon in our pools overlooking the dramatic views of Venice and the Lagoon while admiring the incomparable Italian sunset.   These experiences that we offer are completely different to what other hotels provide in Venice and we are very proud of this. Having said this, I am sorry to hear that there were aspects of your stay that you felt warranted improvement. We hope that you will consider staying with us again in the future.  All the best, Enrique Tasende, General Manager Read more