I am a Lifetime Platinum Elite member and average 65 nights a year.  The management at this hotel has absolutely no regard for loyal members.  Two stays in a row and none of the elite benefits are offered.  I had suite room upgrades both visits of which there was plenty of availability and both times they would not honor.  In addition, was provided the least desirable rooms on both stays.  Staff is friendly but avoid if you are an Elite Member of the Bonvoy program.Read moreDate of stay: June 2019HelpfulShare Response from JWMarriottVenice, Front Office Manager at JW Marriott Venice Resort & SpaResponded Jun 3, 2019Dear 353jonp,  thank you for sharing your valued feedback about your recent experience at the JW Marriott Venice.  First of all, we would like to thank you for the nice words expressed towards our Team members' attitude.   We truly regret to read about your overall dissatisfaction as a loyal Platinum Elite member since we always do our best to provide to our guest and, in particular, to our Elite members the best experience and amenities.  From your feedback, it seems that the Suite Night Award requests were automatically rejected both times during your visits at our property. Please be advised that since the past few weeks we have been experiencing an extreme high occupancy and this is the reason why many room categories were indeed not available for complimentary upgrade. We regret, however, that you did not like the room assigned, and did not appreciate the additional exclusive benefits dedicated to our Platinum members, such as the welcome gift choice.  We will definitely revise your experience with the Management Team since our elite members' satisfaction represents our main focus, and we aim to perfect their experience with us.  May you decide to give us another chance and to visit us again in the future, please do not hesitate to contact me directly and I will make your next visit absolutely perfect.   Kindest regards,  Erica Travan Front Office Manager Erica.travan@jwmarriotthotels.comRead more