My fiancé and I travelled here at the beginning of July. From the moment we arrived it was pure indulgence mixed with modern furnishings and amazing gardens.  I would recommend you get a private water taxi to the hotel on arrival it may be a bit expensive but so worth the James Bond type arrival into the hotel.  The staff are incredibly friendly and polite and cannot do enough for you. Check in was a breeze and the staff looked after our luggage as the room wasn't ready, we did arrive at 10am so that was expected. They took our mobile number and did call us when the room was ready.  The grounds are immaculate and would definitely recommend you walk around this private island as the views are beautiful and it's nice to appreciate just what a beautiful island you are staying on.…Read moreDate of stay: July 2016HelpfulShare Response from JWMarriottVenice, General Manager at JW Marriott Venice Resort & SpaResponded Jul 18, 2016Dear JojoLJ_13, thanks so much for your detailed feedback. We are grateful for your generous comments about our incredibly friendly staff, beautiful views, immaculate grounds, convenient shuttle service, amazing rooms and delicious food.  I agree, the next time you visit us you must check out our GOCO Spa. It is such a wonderful experience and you can spend a whole day there getting pampered and enjoying the mesmerizing views of the Lagoon. Our spa – the largest in Venice – also features a spectacular Himalayan Salt Wall, which not only adds an earthy and tranquil beauty to the space but also promotes cleaner and fresher air through its natural purifying abilities. This in turn has a number of health benefits such as better digestion and sleep as well as positive effects on emotional wellbeing. We always encourage our guests to visit our spa after a busy day in Venice to relax and unwind.   With regards to your comment on the cover charge of €6 per guest, this is a common charge in many dining establishments in Italy. The ‘coperto’ can be compared to a set-up fee for the table and also includes bread.  Thank you for recommending us and we hope to welcome you back again soon!  All the best, Enrique Tasende, General Manager Read more