Being both seasoned world travelers for work and play, I cannot say enough about our recent vacation trip to the JW Marriott located on Isola delle Rose just outside of Venice Italy.  Days after our vacation we are still in awe at the attentiveness and friendliness of the staff and management, the beautiful and clean resort facilities as well as the unbelievable events that are available at this location, which make it a MUST destination for vacation.   Our trip to this wonderland was part of our 30th Wedding Anniversary celebration, and one would have thought we were royalty with what we experienced at this resort.  From the time we got off the water taxi to the time we left this resort, the vacation was exceptional.  We could never have imagined that we are already looking to…Read moreDate of stay: June 2016HelpfulShare Response from JWMarriottVenice, General Manager at JW Marriott Venice Resort & SpaResponded Jul 14, 2016Dear JMLindy, thanks so much for leaving such a detailed review of your stay with us. We are delighted to hear that you had an exceptional vacation at our magical Isola delle Rose! We really appreciate all your kind feedback about our attentive and friendly staff, beautiful facilities and our amazing activity program.  Every decision we made when designing our resort experience and activity program supports our desire to deliver intuitive personal service in an authentic and crafted environment. When the team and I were organizing the excursions that we wanted to provide our guests, we thought of all the things that would be part of the ultimate travel experience of Italy. From interactive cooking classes to a tour of a traditional Murano glass-making factory, we wanted to showcase our passion for Italy and highlight some of the wonderful and fascinating aspects of its culture and history. We are thrilled to hear that you enjoyed our activities!  Thank you for choosing the JW Marriott Venice and we hope to welcome you back to our resort again soon.  All the best, Enrique Tasende, General Manager Read more