Ok, so I booked this 3 night break away with my partner (now fiancé - will explain more further down) via Fleetway Travel. It was reasonably priced and promised good times ahead.  On arrival at Marco Polo airport we found it really easy to get to JW Marriott. A quick question at the travel desk at the airport saw us part with 30 euros which got us, a road bus and then a water bus along the Grand Canal to St. Marks square. A very pleasant start to what was to be the perfect break away. From there, we used the free shuttle service to the hotel was not just easy to find but also very comfortable and had a regular service.  The hotel is away from the centre of Venice, on it's own island. So nice to be away from the hustle and bustle of the city but also close enough to explore…Read moreDate of stay: June 2016HelpfulShare Response from JWMarriottVenice, General Manager at JW Marriott Venice Resort & SpaResponded Jul 11, 2016Dear Jamieh1607, thanks for taking the time to write a review. We are grateful for your kind comments about our friendly staff, luxurious rooms, amazing spa and spectacular views.  I am also thrilled to hear that Sara and the team were able to help set up a special proposal dinner for you and your fiancé. Our century-old park is a 16-hectre expanse of greenery – a mixture of old trees and soft lawns, which is impossible to find elsewhere in Venice. I think our historic gardens are one of the most picturesque locations with its dramatic 360-degree views of Venice. It is the perfect setting for an unforgettable proposal.  We always encourage our guests to tell us beforehand if they are visiting Venice to celebrate a special occasion – whether that be a honeymoon, birthday, anniversary or proposal – so that we can better help you prepare for an unforgettable holiday. One way guests can do this is by responding to our pre-arrival emails or by emailing the property before arrival at info.venice@jwmarriotthotels.com.   Congrats on your recent engagement and we hope that we can welcome you back to our magical Isola delle Rose again soon!  All the best, Enrique Tasende, General Manager Read more