I have been to Venice many many times. It is my favorite city on the face of the planet and I have the most wonderful memories there. I usually stay at Ca'Sagredo or the Gritti Palace but my fiance and I wanted to try something different so opted for the JW.   The property and grounds are stunning. Be sure to walk around and experience it all. We absolutely loved the spa and thought it was the best part of the hotel! The hotel's second restaurant located in an outbuilding is a beautifully unique experience.   While I did miss being out of the hustle and bustle of Venice, it did allow us to have a proper relaxing holiday as well as the Venetian experience.   The rooftop pool is amazing, the rooms are spacious and modern and the staff is hit and miss. The food could be better if…Read moreDate of stay: April 2016HelpfulShare Response from JWMarriottVenice, General Manager at JW Marriott Venice Resort & SpaResponded Jul 8, 2016Dear sarakronon, thanks so much for your review. We appreciate your kind comments about our stunning grounds, amazing spa, spacious and modern rooms and relaxing atmosphere.  You might be interested to hear that every Friday night from 8pm until midnight, we host our Reverie party at our Sagra Poolside Bar, where guests enjoy handcrafted aperitifs while enjoying live music by our resident DJ in an amazing setting. It is a unique addition to the Venetian party scene and a magical evening not be missed. We hope that you have the chance to check it out soon.  When possible, we encourage our guests to spend at least four or five nights at our resort – there is so much to see, do and discover at our Isola delle Rose. From Michelin-starred meals, our first-class facilities such as our GOCO Spa to our exciting activity program and highly-recommended Sapori Cooking Academy; there is so much to experience. We hope the next time you visit us you will stay for longer!  Thank you for choosing the JW Marriott Venice and we hope to welcome you back again soon.  All the best, Enrique Tasende, General Manager Read more