I was with my wife on our 20 year anniversary trip for 3 nights in June 2016. What should we say, beautiful little island, relaxed, quiet outside of Venice Center but close with the schedule boat. Perfect early check-in with the private water taxi, room was not ready but we go to the Goco SPA for a few hours with a nice treatment, was perfect. Georgia and her SPA team are very kind and they make a great job. Our Junior Suite was very nice in the 3rd floor with a wonderful view to Venice. If you want to have the Venice view, you have to take the 2nd or 3rd floor because of the wonderful park and trees. But on the Venice side, there is the schedule boat every 30 minutes and it starts around 6 AM. So it is a little more noise, if you sleep with open windows. We made some special…Read moreDate of stay: June 2016HelpfulShare Response from JWMarriottVenice, General Manager at JW Marriott Venice Resort & SpaResponded Jul 8, 2016Dear IronGerardo, thanks so much for your review. We are absolutely delighted that you and your wife enjoyed celebrating your 20th wedding anniversary at our magical Isola delle Rose. We appreciate your generous comments about our excellent customer service, kind employees, nice spa and delicious food.  We are also thrilled that you were able to dine at our Michelin-starred restaurant, Dopolavoro Dining Room. Our Executive Chef, Federico Belluco, is an impressive person. He is a perfectionist and works everyday for at least 14 hours. Even on his day off he loves to experiment and develop our culinary offering and when the resort is closed for the winter, Federico travels the world to find inspiration for his work. I am happy to hear that you found our 10-course tasting menu outstanding!  With regards to your comments about our Wi-Fi, we always encourage our guests to become a Marriott Rewards member so that they have access to complimentary Wi-Fi access in our rooms. Plus it is a great opportunity to get points for your stay.  Thank you for choosing JW Marriott Venice and we hope to see you again soon.  All the best, Enrique Tasende, General Manager Read more