My husband and I spent a wonderful week at the JW Marriott Venice Resort and Spa. The resort is located on a small island in the Venice area (Isola Della Rose).  The hotel was built about two years ago.  This is a private island.  The resort offers a complimentary shuttle boat service to and from the resort; with the Venice stop at Piazza San Marco.  The service runs each way every half hour.  It was wonderful to have this service and to be able to go back and forth to Venice as desired.  The hotel is luxurious with a peaceful, elegant vibe.  The staff are warm, welcoming and professional.  The service everywhere in the hotel was exemplary. We stayed in a spacious room on the second floor.  The room was very spacious with a king bed and sitting area.  The bathroom was also…Read moreDate of stay: June 2016HelpfulShare Response from JWMarriottVenice, General Manager at JW Marriott Venice Resort & SpaResponded Jul 8, 2016Dear kthomson2016, thank you so much for writing such a detailed review. We are thrilled to hear that you spent a wonderful week at our Isola delle Rose. We appreciate your kind comments about our luxurious hotel, peaceful and elegant vibe, warm and welcoming staff, spacious rooms, delicious food and beautiful grounds.  We are also glad to hear that you enjoyed participating in one of Chef Micki’s culinary courses. I will make sure to share with him all the positive feedback that you mentioned in your review. We hope that you were able to check out some of the other activities that we offer at our resort. When the team and I were organizing the excursions that we wanted to provide our guests, we thought of all the things that would be part of the ultimate travel experience of Italy. From interactive cooking classes to a tour of a traditional Murano glass-making factory, we wanted to showcase our passion for Italy and highlight some of the wonderful and fascinating aspects of its culture and history.   Thank you for recommending us and we hope to welcome you back again soon.  All the best, Enrique Tasende, General Manager Read more