From the moment we got off of the private shuttle from Saint Marco Square in Venice, were treated royally. I was special and most favorite Of the friendly staff was Eleonora    She works any guest relations. Every time you saw her walking in the lobby or down the hallway, she always greeted us with a big smile, asking this in our vacation was, and offering any advice or suggestions to this magnificent place.  The JW Marriott offers a free shuttle into Venice, stopping at Saint Marco Square which is the most visited and southernmost ferry stop in the city.  The shuttle runs from their private dock, to a private dock, and leaves every half hour on the dock all day until 1:30 in the morning.  Every member of the staff greet you with a smile and a genuine desire to make your…Read moreDate of stay: June 2016HelpfulShare Response from JWMarriottVenice, General Manager at JW Marriott Venice Resort & SpaResponded Jun 28, 2016Dear Alan F, thanks for your review. We are so delighted that you had a magical time celebrating your 35th wedding anniversary with your wife at our Isola delle Rose. We appreciate your kind comments about our friendly staff and beautiful resort.  With regards to your comments about our convenient shuttle service, you might be interested to hear that it can take only 10 minutes from our hotel to San Marco but there are two important things that we always tell our guests. Firstly, for obvious safety reasons, we need to respect the speed limits in the Lagoon and secondly, the dock we have in San Marco is regulated by the Commune de Venezia. We have an allocated time slot for the use of the dock as we are sharing it with two other hotels. Therefore even if the shuttle arrives before the allocated time, it will still have to wait in front of the dock until the previous boat releases the spot. Having said this, we are glad to hear that you discovered that our shuttle service was a pleasant and easy experience.  Thank you for choosing the JW Marriott Venice and we hope to welcome you back again very soon.  All the best, Enrique Tasende, General Manager Read more