We've stayed many times in Venice and most recently at 5* hotels away from the centre - the Molino Stucky, the Excelsior and the San Clemente Palace - so we felt obliged this visit to try the newest offering from JW Marriott and compare.   Leaving the hotel after a 5 day stay I don't recall ever having felt quite so disappointed and annoyed.  Here's why...  The hotel occupies the remote Isola Delle Rosa which is some distance from San Marco.  It takes 25 minutes to access Venice by the complementary shuttle boat which becomes tiresomely long after a few trips.  Unlike the aforementioned hotels that use their own elegant, classic teak launches to transport guests back and forth JWM has rented an Alilaguna (Venice bus service) boat that lacks any charm or sense of exclusivity.   …Read moreDate of stay: June 2016HelpfulShare Response from JWMarriottVenice, General Manager at JW Marriott Venice Resort & SpaResponded Jun 12, 2016Dear m1sog, thank you for taking the time to write a review. We value the feedback of our guests and are grateful for any comments that will help us understand how we could enhance our offering. I am very sorry to hear that there were aspects of your stay that you felt warranted improvement.  We also apologize that you felt our location was inconvenient. We understand that for some guests, being right in the hub of it all is a priority. For many, Venice is a once-in-a-lifetime experience and part of its charm is being in the middle of the hustle and bustle of this iconic city. But what we offer at the JW Marriott Venice is something completely different.   We feel that our private island provides the sanctuary, the distance, the silence and the sacred space to really feel and embrace the emotional moments that make up an unforgettable vacation experience. You are correct in saying that we are a new resort on the Venice property scene, having just opened last year. However, at our Isola delle Rose, we pride ourselves in creating a unique identity that is completely our own.   Every decision we made when designing our resort experience and activity program supports our desire to deliver intuitive personal service in an authentic and crafted environment. For instance, our customers love the opportunity to taste our vegetables grown in our botanic gardens, sample our exclusive olive oil produced from our 100 olive trees or just spend the afternoon in our pools overlooking the dramatic views of Venice and the Lagoon while admiring the incomparable Italian sunset. The most common feedback that we receive from guests is that they wished they had booked four nights at our resort instead of two.  Again, we really do appreciate your constructive feedback. I have discussed all your comments extensively with the team and we are evaluating what needs to be done to further improve the guest experience.  All the best, Enrique Tasende, General Manager Read more