We stayed here with our 5 year old child to celebrate my 40th birthday. The resort is on its own island, 20 minutes or so by the resort's shuttle boat to San Marco square and everything else.  We came by private water taxi from the airport and did have to wait around 2+ hours before our room was ready. The resort more than made up for it by upgrading us twice and giving us complimentary internet access for the entire length of our stay. Our upgraded suite was big and clean with 2 bathrooms and 2 TVs. It was very modern and suited us perfectly. Everyone was very kind and friendly, especially to our daughter, who the front desk staff interacted with in a very nice way. The resort also made sure to note my birthday, and they sent a nice surprise to our suite, all without us letting…Read moreDate of stay: June 2016HelpfulShare Response from JWMarriottVenice, General Manager at JW Marriott Venice Resort & SpaResponded Jun 13, 2016Dear Bastat, thank you for your review. We are delighted that you enjoyed celebrating your 40th birthday with your family at our Isola delle Rose. We are grateful for your kind words about our modern and spacious guestrooms, friendly staff and beautiful spa.  Did your daughter have the chance to check out the Kids Club during your stay? When the team and I were brainstorming the activities for the Kids Club programme, we wanted to offer something that would incorporate aspects of Italian culture so that the children would get to know the history and traditions of our beautiful country. Some of the activities that we are proud to offer families include Italian language lessons, creating and painting your own mini gondola and making Venetian masks. We hope your daughter was able to enjoy the many fun activities that we have, as well as our new Adventure Park and playground located next to the Family Pool.  Thank you for choosing the JW Marriott Venice and we hope to see you and your family again soon!  All the best, Enrique Tasende, General Manager Read more