Room 621 L'Uliveto Building Contemporary design with wrap-around terrace, quite luxurious.  We stayed for 5 days and did not use all of the facility or attend events but the morning breakfast is helpful to consume time since the first shuttle does not leave until 9 am and does have an occupancy limit during busy times.  Additionally, be sure to note the details for any tours you book, say through Viator, to ensure that you do not select any that begin before 9:30 if in San Marco or 10:00 if they meet elsewhere.  Otherwise, you will have to add private taxi service of $130 or more.  Since the hotel is distant, additional cost is required, which most transportation vendors will remind when you book.  Our wifi was free for Marriott Platinum members but from our terrace, we could…Read moreDate of stay: May 2016HelpfulShare Response from JWMarriottVenice, General Manager at JW Marriott Venice Resort & SpaResponded Jun 7, 2016Dear GA4444, thanks for taking the time to write a review. We appreciate your kind comments about our serene and beautiful resort, attentive and friendly staff and luxurious and contemporary design.  We are delighted that you enjoyed our private shuttle service to and from our Isola delle Rose. Many of our guests comment on the spectacular view that you get as you approach St Mark’s Square by boat – it is definitely photo-worthy! Plus with complimentary WiFi on our boats, it is easy to share your beautiful pictures with friends and family on social media.  We are also glad that we were able to help make your wife’s birthday extra special by surprising her with a delicious birthday cake. We always encourage our guests to tell us beforehand if they are visiting Venice to celebrate a special occasion – whether that be a honeymoon, birthday, anniversary or proposal – so that we can better help you prepare for an unforgettable holiday. One way guests can do this is by responding to our pre-arrival emails or by emailing the property before arrival at info.venice@jwmarriotthotels.com.   Thank you for choosing the JW Marrriott Venice and we hope to welcome you and your wife back again soon.  All the best, Enrique Tasende, General Manager Read more