OK to set the scene my husband never wanted to go to Venice (crowds/tourists etc) but with our 25th wedding anniversary looming he succumbed to the pressure. The vicar who married us gave us some sage advice - always put the other one first - so in this spirit of compromise I booked this hotel as it's on its' own island a fifteen minute boat ride away from all the mayhem which can be Venice. In an effort to take the stress out of the journey I booked a private transfer with the hotel and what a treat. We were collected just after going through Passport Control whisked away by car to the dock and then into a launch for a memorable 20 minute boat ride to the hotel. It was such a lovely 'James Bond' type experience and a fabulous way to start our 4 day break. At E215 it wasn't…Read moreDate of stay: May 2016HelpfulShare Response from JWMarriottVenice, General Manager at JW Marriott Venice Resort & SpaResponded May 23, 2016Dear Bronzone, thanks so much for your review. We are thrilled to hear that you and your husband enjoyed celebrating your 25th wedding anniversary at our Isola delle Rose. We appreciate your kind comments about beautiful and well-designed rooms as well as our charming and genuine staff.   I agree with your sentiment about our private island being an oasis right outside of Venice. Some of our guests tell us how they like venturing into the hustle and bustle of Venice proper in the mornings, but really enjoy coming back to our peaceful retreat for the afternoon. There is so much to do on our island, from treating yourself in our luxurious GOCO Spa, sunbathing on our beautiful rooftop pool with breathtaking views overlooking the Lagoon to indulging in a delicious meal at one of our restaurants. There is no shortage of activities and things to do at our resort. Some guests even tell us that on some days they don’t leave our island!  With regards to you comments about our Wi-FI, we always encourage our guests to become a Marriott Rewards member so that they have access to complimentary Wi-Fi access in our rooms. Plus it is a great opportunity to get points for your stay.  Thank you for choosing JW Marriott Venice and we hope to see you again soon.  All the best, Enrique Tasende, General Manager Read more