We stayed here for 5 nights at the beginning of this month.  It was a beautiful resort!  The staff was more than accommodating and helpful!  The rooftop pool was gorgeous and had an amazing view of Venice!  I would have given this resort 5 stars but we did have a few things that disappointed us.   1.  There is NO free breakfast or concierge lounge, no matter how high your Marriott status is!  They used to offer free breakfast for elite members but no longer do. They say it is because they are a resort.  I found this very disappointing!  It would have been nice to at least have a concierge lounge to relax in with free snacks and drinks!  Especially since it is a 15 minute boat ride to Venice.  The prices for food at the resort are extremely high!   2.  The free shuttle to Venice…Read moreDate of stay: May 2016HelpfulShare Response from JWMarriottVenice, General Manager at JW Marriott Venice Resort & SpaResponded May 17, 2016Dear macaronjess, thank you for writing a review. We are grateful your kind words about our beautiful resort, accommodating and helpful staff, gorgeous rooftop pool and amazing views.  However, I am very sorry to hear that there were aspects of your stay that you felt warranted improvement. With regards to your comments about breakfast please be aware that according to Marriott policies, the benefit of complimentary continental breakfast for Elite members is not applicable at resorts. We apologize for the inconvenience caused but this is not specific to our property but applies to all resorts within the Marriott group worldwide.  In relation to your feedback about our shuttle service timings, we have now updated the summer schedule and the first boat leaves at 8:30am in the morning. Finally, I am sorry to hear that you were inconvenienced by the use of European measurements with our gym equipment. Since we are based in Italy and the majority of our guests and suppliers are European, our fitness equipment utilizes the metric system.  We appreciate you choosing to stay at our Isola delle Rose and we hope that you will consider visiting us again in the future.  All the best, Enrique Tasende, General ManagerRead more