This very modern hotel (opened in 2015) is built on a private island about 20 mins by private water shuttle from St Mark's Square. It has extensive, well maintained grounds which you can walk or cycle around. The outdoor pool is excellent, although could be bigger given how many people use. It is nice and long for length swimming. There is also a roof top pool with fantastic views of Venice. The food in roof top restaurant is expensive but very good quality. If you ask for a table outside with a view of the city this is an excellent place for a romantic dinner. The bedroom we had in the main building was large and well equipped. The biggest problem with this hotel is its location and the free private shuttle that you need to get to the city. It runs every 30 minutes but is…Read moreDate of stay: May 2016HelpfulShare Response from JWMarriottVenice, General Manager at JW Marriott Venice Resort & SpaResponded May 14, 2016Dear Roamingjiver, thank you for taking the time to write a review. We appreciate your kind comments about our modern hotel, extensive and well-maintained grounds, excellent pools and delicious food.  With regards to your feedback about the frequency of our shuttle service to Venice, I am afraid this is something that cannot be changed. Our resort has allocated time slots on the dock in San Marco’s Square that we share with two other hotels. Therefore even if we increased the number of our shuttles, we would still only be allowed to arrive on the dock every half an hour. We apologize for the inconvenience caused by this.  Since our shuttle service operates on a first come first serve basis, we also recommend that guests arrive at least 20 minutes before the departure time to ensure that they get a seat on the boat. In the very few occasions that a number of our shuttles become full, we have quickly arranged additional transportation for our guests.  Thank you for choosing the JW Marriott Venice and we hope that you will consider visiting us again in the future.  All the best, Enrique Tasende, General Manager Read more