Newly opened, just about a year old, this is one of the best properties of Marriott that we have stayed in. Built on a separate island, the 20 minute boat ferry connects you to the mainland and is available till 1 am. Very convenient, makes site seeing easy. You can also get a direct connection to the Marco polo Airport via a water taxi. Well kept gardens, excellent swimming pools, grand lobby and spacious rooms make this a fantastic hotel. Not too many hotels in Venice are this spacious. Food choices are also very good, with 3 great restaurants serving Italian food though international cuisine choices are not very many, only at the Cucina for breakfast. The lobby is spacious and airy, the lobby bar is brilliant. The gardens surrounding the property are superbly maintained,…Read moreDate of stay: May 2016HelpfulShare Response from JWMarriottVenice, General Manager at JW Marriott Venice Resort & SpaResponded May 9, 2016Dear PDS63, thanks so much for your wonderful feedback. We are really grateful for your generous comments about our well-kept gardens, excellent swimming pools, grand lobby, spacious rooms and outstanding staff. We are thrilled to hear that you had a fantastic experience and we are one of the best Marriott properties that you have stayed in.  We hope that you were able to check out our award-winning GOCO Spa. The views that we have from our treatment rooms and our pools are incredible! Our spa is such a hit with our guests that we now offer a day pass, which includes the use of our sauna, bio-sauna, hammam and yoga gardens, along with our indoor and outdoor pools. We definitely recommend checking it out the next time you visit us. Make sure you also try out one our signature spa treatments by Amala and !QMS, they are very popular so we recommend that our guests book their appointments ahead of time to ensure availability. You can do this by emailing info.venice@jwmarriotthotels.com.  Thank you for choosing to stay at our Isola delle Rose and we hope to see you again soon.  All the best, Enrique Tasende, General Manager Read more