My wife and I celebrated our 25th Wedding Anniversary at the JW Marriott and were very impressed with the hotel, its location and particularly its staff.    After booking I was in contact (via email) with the hotel to make a number of reservations - Sara in Guest Relations was extremely helpful and prompt in her responses.  As a frequent traveller I always find that this is a good indicator of a hotel.  I was not disappointed.  We used the VIP airport transfer service for arrival ( which I had arranged in advance with the hotel).  This comprised an airport pick up by a driver (in the airport at the luggage carousel) , transfer in a luxury vehicle to the port and then a private water taxi to the hotel.  In total the journey took approximately 40 minutes.  It was a wonderful and…Read moreDate of stay: April 2016HelpfulShare Response from JWMarriottVenice, General Manager at JW Marriott Venice Resort & SpaResponded Apr 29, 2016Dear NITravellerP, thank you so much for providing a detailed review of your stay with us. We are delighted that you and your wife enjoyed celebrating your 25th wedding anniversary at our resort! We are grateful for your kind comments about our excellent hotel, beautiful location and wonderful staff.  I am also thrilled to hear that you were impressed by all the staff members you encountered during your stay. As you noticed, at our hotel we approach customer service from a guest’s perspective. We like to invite our team to take part in activities that our guests experience, like Sara did with the Authentic Venice cooking class. We believe this provides our employees with an authentic understanding of what we offer. Many of our staff love to take this opportunity so they can share their insight and top tips that they have gained from experiencing the activity firsthand with our guests.   We always encourage our guests to tell us beforehand if they are visiting Venice to celebrate a special occasion – whether that be a honeymoon, birthday, anniversary or wedding proposal – so that we can better help you prepare for an unforgettable holiday. One way guests can do this is by responding to our pre-arrival emails or by emailing the property before arrival at info.venice@jwmarriotthotels.com.   Thank you for choosing the JW Marrriott Venice and we look forward to welcoming you back again soon.  All the best, Enrique Tasende, General Manager Read more