One of the best hotel. Attentive staff nothing is to much trouble. Superb décor clean and bright. Only stayed 2 days room a bit small if staying a week (which I easily could have done). Spa is a good way to unwind and I had a facial which lasted 80mins for £104 but worth it. There are bikes available if you want to cycle round the island, a family heated pool with a small play area and a roof top heated pool. It rained on our last day but still found things to do as we were not being picked up till 17.30. In fact you could just stay in the hotel and not go into Venice. The water bus to get there is extremely slow took one and half hours to get to hotel from airport coming back we had a private taxi 40mins back to airport so worth booking. Restaurant in grounds needs to be booked…Read moreDate of stay: April 2016HelpfulShare Response from JWMarriottVenice, General Manager at JW Marriott Venice Resort & SpaResponded Apr 26, 2016Dear Diane W, thanks for taking the time to write a review. We are thrilled to hear that you think we are one of the best hotels. We appreciate your generous comments about our outstanding resort, attentive staff, superb décor and relaxing spa.  I am also delighted to hear that you were able to take advantage of some of our fun amenities, including our JW bikes. We hope the next time you visit us you will have the opportunity to spend some time at the Sapori Cooking Academy. Led by Chef Micki, you will learn how to prepare a whole menu, ranging from the Venetian tradition to the great classics of Italian cuisine. Not only will you enjoy sampling delicious Italian dishes, you will also be provided with the skills and knowledge so you can prepare them at home. It is an experience that we highly recommend to our guests and they often tell us how much they enjoy this interactive class.  As you mentioned, our restaurants get booked well in advance so we always encourage guests to make reservations beforehand. You can do this easily by emailing info.venice@jwmarriotthotels.com.  Thank you for choosing the JW Marriott Venice and we hope to welcome you back soon.  All the best, Enrique Tasende, General Manager Read more