I am currently here and had to write to express my extreme disappointment with the spa staff (with exception to my massage therapist).   I came with my family and paid the extra resort fee so we could make the most of the resort (kids club, etc). Room is nice, some plumbing etc leaking, can’t use blow dryer in washroom, but that did not bother us too much.  Upon check-in hotel staff was great, and even though we paid $90 euros to get a private taxi it was worth it for the experience of driving in to the front of the hotel (beautiful entrance).   And I digress.  Spa experience:  I arrived early as requested by the spa staff at booking. Once I finished paperwork, I changed and followed a staff member to the pool area. There wasn’t any seating available as it was raining outside…Read moreDate of stay: April 20191 Helpful voteHelpfulShare Response from JWMarriottVenice, Front Office Manager at JW Marriott Venice Resort & SpaResponded Apr 29, 2019Dear JasleenSD,  Thank you for providing your honest feedback in regards of your current stay at our JW Marriott Venice.  We are glad that you overall enjoyed the property and its facilities, as well as the service provided by our Guest Relations Officer Raffaela. She is a great asset within our Rooms Division Team. At the same time, we regret about your disappointing experience at our Jw Venice Spa.  Please accept our sincere apologies for the break down in communication which led to your disappointment in the spa. Due to safety and hygiene reasons we do not permit the consumption of food inside the spa infinity pool area, we do have designated areas both inside and out of the spa where we are delighted to serve a delicious range of food and drink items whilst relaxing with us. We again apologise for the breakdown in communication that did not make this clear to you upon ordering.  We are, on the other side, delighted to hear you enjoyed the professionalism and experience with our therapist Patricia, who is sincerely thankful for the feedback.  We will continue to focus on training and communication in order to enhance our guests’ experience on a daily basis, with the ultimate aim to create unforgettable moments. May you decide to visit us back again, please do not hesitate to contact us directly and we will make sure that your next trip will be spotless from the beginning till the end. Kind regards,  Erica Travan Front Office Manager Read more