This is an extremely nice hotel not resort. This hotel offers no additional amenities than a standard full bird Marriott. As many other elite members have mentioned your lifetime status means absolutely nothing here. I felt like I was at a Mexico resort during the checkin process. Tried to sell me on room upgrades, 40€/day resort fee so I may use bikes on an island I can walk across in 4 min?? Be smart decline it.   Breakfast for 2 is 60 euro. Late afternoon snack on roof to watch sunset, small cheese plate 20€, bottle of wine 45€, asked for water they charged us 7€?!?, then additional 10€ was added to bill!!?? Apparently if you want to sit down to eat here you are required to pay 10€ and they ask for tip? This was the dumbest thing I ever heard of. Marriott should be ashamed of…Read moreDate of stay: April 2016HelpfulShare Response from JWMarriottVenice, General Manager at JW Marriott Venice Resort & SpaResponded Apr 8, 2016Dear bdist2000, thank you for taking the time to write a review. We do our best to position ourselves in the market so that we offer the most competitive rates to our guests so I am very sorry that you felt that our hotel did not provide the value for money that you expected.   With regards to your comments about our Resort Package, it includes a number of thoughtful amenities that many of our guests enjoy such as complimentary enhanced Wi-Fi, complimentary access to the Kids Club, use of the JW Marriott bicycles, free yoga lessons, complimentary visits to one of Murano’s glass factories as well as Burano to meet a traditional lace maker. We feel that the many activities included justify the cost of the fee.   The satisfaction of our guests is our highest priority so I am saddened to hear that you were disappointed with aspects of your vacation experience with us. I have discussed the issues that you mentioned with the team and we are working towards bettering the areas that you felt warranted improvement.   I welcome you to contact our Front of House Manager, Anna Gutova, to discuss your experience in more detail. You can email her on info.venice@jwmarriotthotels.com.   All the best, Enrique Tasende, General Manager Read more