Do not believe the hype. Our stay here was one of the worst experiences in all my years of travel. The room was sparse--minimalism done wrong is just uncomfortable. The water was lukewarm. The dinner at Sagra for three yielded two meals that were inedible. We are Platinum Elite and for some reason, this property refused an upgrade, even though rooms were available, unless we paid a large fee. (Shocking disregard for the terms of our agreement.) There was no breakfast offered or even credit given, once again, despite Platinum benefits agreement, which I have since re-read. You are loyal to a brand for a reason; you expect to be treated right and, at least, for them to honor their agreement. We were traveling with friends who stayed at the Hilton. It was equally nice, and had much…Read moreDate of stay: March 2016HelpfulShare Response from JWMarriottVenice, General Manager at JW Marriott Venice Resort & SpaResponded Mar 25, 2016Dear Momof2travelers, thank you so much for taking the time to write a review. We are very sorry to hear that you were disappointed with your stay at our resort. We are fully committed to providing our guests with the best possible vacation experience so I apologize that this was not the case.  I have discussed the issues relating to your room with the team and we are working towards rectifying the problems as soon as possible.   With regards to the situation with the weather and the water taxi, I extend my most sincere apologies. The Venice fog can cause severe delays, which is beyond our control, but we are very sorry for the unfortunate inconvenience that it caused you and your family.   I understand my colleague Mrs. Anna Gutova has already contacted you to personally apologize. The satisfaction of our guests is our highest priority therefore we are confident that we can turn this experience around for you and change the negative perception that you have of our hotel.   Again, we are deeply sorry for what happened and we hope that you will consider giving us another opportunity to demonstrate the standards and level of service that we are known for.  All the best, Enrique Tasende, General Manager Read more