I'll just start by saying that my husband and I don't often stay in 5 star hotels so our stay here was a treat for us in every way. We got a good deal on this hotel as we visited with a month or so of it opening back in May 2015. Despite some parts of the hotel still being under construction at the time, we felt the location, attention to detail and service were outstanding. The room was comfortable and had everything we needed, the breakfast buffet was immense, and the rooftop pool an absolute joy, though a bit of a struggle to get a sun lounger at popular times.  The only potential downside I would imagine would be the location. If it's your first trip to Venice or if you're only there a limited time, this might not be the best choice due to the 20 minute journey to and from…Read moreDate of stay: May 2015HelpfulShare Response from JWMarriottVenice, General Manager at JW Marriott Venice Resort & SpaResponded Mar 21, 2016Dear Liz T, thanks for your positive review. We are delighted that you and your husband enjoyed your stay at our gorgeous and relaxing hotel. We are also happy to hear that you thought our secluded retreat was a perfect antidote to the busyness of Venice. As you mentioned, we offer complimentary shuttle transfer across the Lagoon to San Marco. It is a very efficient and dependable service; taking only minutes to get from our private island to the exciting hustle and bustle of Venice proper.   Did you have the chance to go on one of our private tours to the Murano Glass Factory? It is one of the most fascinating experiences to watch how traditional glassmakers create this ancient and beautiful art form. The team and I are also excited to share that we are currently organizing a fantastic summer activity program for guests of all ages. Watch this space for more information or you can email info.venice@jwmarriotthotels.com.  Thank you for choosing to stay at our Isola delle Rose and we hope to see you again soon.  All the best, Enrique Tasende, General Manager Read more