Which is not a good or a bad thing - just a thing. It’s a very well run, clean , big well staffed with good service, American chain. It’s clean and efficient. The rooms are modern and sterile with a functional but new design. The restaurant feels like an airline lounge although the service is excellent. My only criticisms would be that the hotels facilities - restaurants, family area, spa, and transportation services shut down at this time of the year even if the rooms of the hotel remain bookable, which I don’t think is really fair not to mention as a warning on the website. Finally I knew they charged before I booked so I can’t really complain but I also don’t think it’s right to charge €40 for 3 hours of the use of their spa, which from what I could see consisted of a small…Read moreDate of stay: November 20191 Helpful voteHelpfulShare Response from JWMarriottVenice, Front Office Manager at JW Marriott Venice Resort & SpaResponded Nov 12, 2019Dear JMP488, thank you for sharing your valued feedback about your recent experience at our JW Marriott Venice. We are truly glad to read that you particularly enjoyed the overall service extended by our associates as well as the cleanliness and efficiency of the property. At the same time, we regret that some aspects of your stay did not meet your preference and taste, including the Spa access and the complimentary shuttle boat transportation for our guests. In particular, the shuttle boat timetable is designed according to the different seasonality and it is extended every half an hour during the peak season, when the hotel runs at its highest occupancy, and every hour during the low season, as it is considered starting from October and above, prior to the closure of the Resort. In addition, due to the weather and climate conditions, some outdoor facilities, such as the outdoor restaurants and Family Pool, are closed during these weeks, but all our services and indoor facilities are regularly available for our guests, including the Spa and the Fitness Center.  We hope to welcoming you back in the nearest future, possibly during the beautiful Spring and Summer season, in order to leave a different impression on you and to showcase all our facilities which make our Resort truly unique in the Venetian lagoon.  Kindest regards,  Erica Travan Front Office Manager erica.travan@jwmarriotthotels.comRead more