The hotel is beautiful, and its hard to find fault with the service or rooms, other than the poor A/C - heat options.   The real issue is that the hotel is on a private island in the Venetian lagoon. This sounds nice, until you realize that the hotel's free shuttle boat only runs ONCE PER HOUR, has a maximum capacity of 40 people, and only runs from 9am to 11pm.   If you miss the boat or the schedule doesn't work for you, a water taxi (the only other transport option) is approx $90 each way and more at night/weekends.   This accessibility problem really ruined my experience at the JW Venice, and the hotel is too expensive to justify this weird transport strategy. If you spend that kind of money and make the effort to visit Venice, stay somewhere that actually lets you enjoy all…Read moreDate of stay: April 20193 Helpful votesHelpfulShare Response from JWMarriottVenice, Front Office Manager at JW Marriott Venice Resort & SpaResponded Apr 20, 2019Dear gzicherm, Thank you for your valued feedback in regards of your recent stay at the JW Marriott Venice. We are truly glad to read that you overall appreciated the beauty of our secluded Island and the service provided.  At the same time we apologize that we did not promptly respond to the air conditioning inquiry related to your room. Also, we regret to acknowledge that you did not find the location convenient for your trip to Venice.  We have just implemented out shuttle boat service which regularly runs every thirty minutes from the hotel to Saint Mark Square and back. Also, in the morning only, we provide a complimentary shuttle service, one way only, from the JW Marriott to Piazzale Roma, a few steps away from Venezia Santa Lucia Train Station.  Our guests usually enjoy the quiet and exclusivity of our Isola delle Rose, offering additional services and facilities which can not be found in the city centre, including the biggest Spa in Venice, a stunning rooftop pool and large garden areas. May you decide to visit us again in the future, please do not hesitate to contact us directly to male your next experience with us unforgettable.  Kind regards,  Erica Travan Front Office Manager Read more