This hotel obviously has an anti teenage policy. We have looked at staying at JWM Venice for some time and follow it on Instagram. This year we are planning a 3 week trip to Italy starting in Venice with our 14 year old twins. On searching for rooms at the hotel we noticed they have a 2 x double queen room and rooms/suites with sofa beds and thought these would be great for our group of 4. On contacting the hotel to ask why/if the E130 supplement would be charged for these type of rooms the hotel reception a named ROSSELLA [--] said everything but answered our questions and tried to make out we wanted 2 x double room. Her tone was rude and abrupt and even made out I was lying in what I had asked. After 5 emails I still don’t understand what the E130 surcharge is for children…Read moreDate of stay: April 20195 Helpful votesHelpfulShare Response from JWMarriottVenice, Responsabile reception at JW Marriott Venice Resort & SpaResponded Apr 26, 2019Dear Woodland15,  We thank you for sharing your concerns via e-mails and posting on our social media channels, including TripAdvisor, despite you actually never stayed at our property.  As already explained by our colleagues, we apply a third bed supplement policy for any people over 12-years old sharing the same room with 2 adults. This supplement is due to phisically have an additional bed in the room and includes breakfast (if the room rate is a breakfast inclusive rate), and the access to our Resort’s facilities.  We reconfirm that our Deluxe Double rooms do not have two queen beds, but they feature a king-sized bed; we reconfirm also we have some accommodations (La Maisonette Loft Suites) providing sofa bed for kids, and these are loved by families.  We took good note of your concerns and we actually do not feel to be “an anti-teenage hotel” or have any sort of prejudice towards families, as we actually have many family activities - from cooking classes, to cultural experiences, a family pool area with adventure park and water playing fountains for children, Kids Club - but we wish to thank you again for have shared with us your opinion in various occasions.  Sincerest regards,  Erica Travan Front Office ManagerRead more