We were looking forward to our stay for 5 nights on what looks like a beautiful hotel located on an private Island 20-30 minutes boattrip from San Marco square.    Because we went with our 5-year-old we asked in advance if the family pool would be heated, which they confirmed. They would also have a Kids Club opening during our stay.    Upon arrival we were told otherwise, and the whole family area, pool and playground, were closed. It’s fair to say they had the adults only pool open for the kids instead.    The kids club, which both in their brochure and on their web site, was suppose to be open but also here it didn’t turn out to be true.    The restaurant Dopolavoro seemed great, but they don’t seat children under the age of 8 years old.    An other dining place on the…Read moreDate of stay: April 20194 Helpful votesHelpfulShare Response from JWMarriottVenice, Front Office Manager at JW Marriott Venice Resort & SpaResponded Apr 19, 2019Dear cwestheim,  thank you for your valued review about your stay at our JW Marriott Venice.  First of all, we are glad to read that you enjoyed the kindness of the Team members, the housekeeping service and the size of the room. At the same time, we regret that you overall experience was not fully satisfactory and that you could not take the full advantage of the kids amenities and facilities.  We would also like to specify that our gourmet Fiola restaurant welcomes all children, despite from their age. We are sorry and concerned to read that a child age limit was wrongly communicated while you were aiming to reserve a table.  Also, we would like to apologize if the Food & Beverage experience did not match your preference, especially for pricing reasons. As previously anticipated by my colleague, we are taking your feedback in serious consideration for future changes and improvements.  May you wish to visit us again in the future, we invite you to contact us directly so that we will gladly take care of any possible assistance or special preference you may need.   Kindest regards,  Erica Travan Front Office Manager erica.travan@jwmarriotthotels.comRead more