My wife and I spent six days and five nights at this lovely resort.  I have been a Platinum Premier for the past 15 years.  This trip had been in the planning for the past 3 years.  I had reservations at the Hilton Stucky (Diamond level too) but when the JW opened and the reviews from other elite members were so wonderful, I canceled the Hilton for the JW. Just weeks before our trip I received and email informing me that the main hotel building and rooftop pool and bar would be off limits.   Too late to find different accommodations, we had to stay with the JW.    Upon arrival and a short wait, we were shown to our tiny room (typical European size) . Granted this was about the size room that points would get at the main building but Marriott has always been great to me in…Read moreDate of stay: September 2015HelpfulShare Response from JWMarriottVenice, Public Relations Manager at JW Marriott Venice Resort & SpaResponded Sep 24, 2015Dear Sir,  We would like to thank you for your detailed feedback.  We are happy to know that you overall enjoyed your recent stay at our Resort, especially the quality of furnishings and the comfort of the beds, our delicious buffet breakfast, the complimentary shuttle service from and to St. Marks' Square, pool at GOCO Spa Venice and our  amazing location.  Thank you also for having highlighted our helpful staff, and in particular our two associates Claudia and Gaetano; your comment has been shared internally, and especially with the two associates you kindly highlighted, as feedback like yours encourage us in continuing imparting with passion our sense of hospitality and dedication to our guests.  At the same time, we are sorry to read your perception during the stay was of not having completely enjoyed our whole island due to some restrictions in the use of the main building in these days for a private event.  We apologize for this but please be assured that in this period we did our best to offer to our individual guests the best to fully enjoy our Resort: we organized different complimentary cooking classes, we offered some relaxing yoga sessions at the secluded Spa gardens, we organized some demonstrations of Burano lace-makers, we guaranteed the complimentary access to our GOCO Spa Venice and its indoor and outdoor pool overlooking Venice and the Lagoon.  We are sorry if this has not fully noted and indicated in your review but we can understand your kind point of view, and respect your feelings.  Please be assured that what you highlighted has been shared among our Management Team and that your observations have been taken to heart.  Please accept our sincere apologies for not completely meeting your expectations and hopefully one day you will return to our unique and amazing property to allow us to regain your confidence.  We thank you again and remain with our sincerest regards,  Linda Bertoni Marketing & Communication ManagerRead more