Lovely hotel which I could not fault in itself but when you arrive and they tell you that they take a €150  per night preauthorised security charge on your credit card you get a flavour for the level of the prices. There is a private boat transfer that goes back and forward between St Marks Square and the hotel until very late at night and the journey takes about 15 minutes, and there are three boats per hour.  When we arrived at the hotel after a very long and slow transfer from the airport by public transport on the Alilaguna  and then we had just missed a boat to the island, we were really tired and could not face going back to Venice for our evening meal.  No problem we said, we will eat at the hotel.  We chose the rooftop restaurant, not the fine dining restaurant.  There…Read moreDate of stay: July 20151 Helpful voteHelpfulShare Response from JWMarriottVenice, Public Relations Manager at JW Marriott Venice Resort & SpaResponded Sep 15, 2015Dear Carolyn,  Thank you for taking the time to share your experience with us on TripAdvisor. We are pleased to read that overall you enjoyed your recent stay and you indicated it as lovely and pleasant.  We took note of your kind observations related to the cost of your dining experience and shared them with our Management Team; at the same time, we think that - in order to make a correct comparison with other restaurants in town - it would be necessary to compare restaurants of the same level and offering the same type of cuisine. If you do this, you will see that - in terms of pricing - our restaurants are positioned at the same level of other competitors in Venice, offering great quality of food and attentive service. And, in addition to this, at the Sagra area you can also enjoy a breathtaking 360-degrees view over Venice and the Lagoon.  Thank you for highlighting the expansive buffet breakfast served at our Cucina Daily Restaurant and for having indicated it as lovely!  We thank you again for sharing your review with us and we hope to have the chance, in the future, to welcome you back to Venice and to our island.  Sincerest regards,  Linda Bertoni Marketing & Communication ManagerRead more