Was really looking forward to staying at JW Venice as I've been platinum member  and a Marriott fan for years...however I arrived today and was shuffled to a different entrance of hotel and was told I did not have access to infinity pool (one of the big reasons i booked) nor access to main building due to audi reserving the entire building....I was communicated to via email apparently by hotel manager along with the other 5 welcome and coupon emails .....so if I would of known this in advance I would of cancelled and stayed at the St. Regis San Clemente or another 5 star hotel....very disappointed as a platinum member.... I have my own company and have used Marriott for years....but this was a huge disappoinment.  They should communicate this Better on website and time of…Read moreDate of stay: September 2015HelpfulShare Response from JWMarriottVenice, Public Relations Manager at JW Marriott Venice Resort & SpaResponded Sep 11, 2015Dear Sir,  Thank you for taking the time to share your experience with us on TripAdvisor, although we are sorry you posted your review based on your very first moments after arriving here and not at the end of your stay. We hope your stay will be a very pleasant one and you will change your very first feeling, being satisfied by your stay.  We are of course sorry to read your disappointment; we did actually inform our guests several weeks before the arrival, that the Hotel main building would have been not accessible to individual guests due to a private event.  This information has been sent directly to guests by e-mail and highlighted in our web-sites and to our commercial partners and travel agents as well. We are sorry if you did not notice this but we feel we did our best to alert and inform in a timely manner.  At the same time, considering one of our preferred corners - the Rooftop Pool - is not available in this period, we informed guests in advance and also offered complimentary access to our GOCO Spa Venice, featuring indoor and outdoor pool. This pool features actually the same breathtaking view over Venice and the Lagoon, and guests can take the advantage not to pay the usual 3-hours fee access of 25 Euro per person.  We felt that, offering this, we give the opportunity to our guests to relax and enjoy the wonderful ambience of our spa, and excuse ourselves as well for the rooftop pool restrictions.  We thank you for sharing your observations with us and please consider all of us at your disposal in these days for any further support needed.  We wish you a pleasant stay and remain with our sincerest regards,  Linda Bertoni Marketing & Communication ManagerRead more