Had a very rough start getting to the hotel from the train station.  Was provided poor and unclear directions that resulted in taking both the water bus and a private water taxi.  I asked the hotel manager to reimburse me for the 70 Euros for the extra ride, and i was basically brushed off.  I shared my email information with the manager and even sent a follow-up.  Never received a response.  As a lifetime platinum member, I felt I deserved much better; especially from a JW property.    Other feedback- while this is an "upscale" property and its on its own island; they don't hesitate to overcharge you every step of the way.  We had dinner one night at the Italian buffet, and I was shocked at the price for a couple of pieces of pizza (liquor not included).    The rooms were nice,…Read moreDate of stay: August 2015HelpfulShare Response from JWMarriottVenice, Public Relations Manager at JW Marriott Venice Resort & SpaResponded Sep 10, 2015Dear Sir,  Thank you for taking the time to share your experience with us on TripAdvisor.  We are sorry to read your disappointment regarding the information you received before your arrival; as you can read from other reviewers, our guests usually receive very clear indications about how to reach our Resort from the airport, or from Piazzale Roma, the port or rail station. Our Concierge is gladly at complete disposal to organizing private transfers or simply offering suggestions on the best way to reach the resort via public transportation, depending on what actually our guests prefer.  We also provide information and directions in our Marriott web-site and additionally in our standalone web-site.  We are sorry to read your disappointment but we feel the information we usually provide are clear as staten by other reviewers; at the same time, we will keep in consideration your observations and will try to provide even clearer indications, in order to be more helpful with our guests.  Regarding your observations related to the price of our Italian buffet dinner served in some occasions at the Cucina Daily Restaurant, we have taken good note of your comments and shared your opinion among our Management Team.  Please accept our sincere apologies for not meeting your expectations and hopefully one day you will return to our unique and amazing property to allow us to regain your confidence.  Sincerest regards,  Linda Bertoni Marketing & Communication ManagerRead more