I cannot rate this hotel above 3 stars for one single reason: it is on it's on private island that is very far from Venice.  You need to take a 25 minute free boat shuttle to and from Venice to get anywhere.  While the ride isn't that long, it means that you constantly have to plan when you are going into town and when you are coming back.    Seeing an opera and then a late night dinner?  The shuttle service stops at 11:30PM so you better hope you get back to the shuttle in time or you are looking at a 100+ euro private water taxi.    Have an early morning tour scheduled?  Well, you better hope the boat shuttle schedule starts early enough for you to get into town, otherwise a 100+ euro private water taxi.  FYI: shuttle service starts at 9:00AM.  Want to take a mid-day siesta at…Read moreDate of stay: March 20195 Helpful votesHelpfulShare Response from JWMarriottVenice, Front Office Manager at JW Marriott Venice Resort & SpaResponded Apr 1, 2019Dear climbwithahelmet,  thank you for providing us your honest feedback in regards of your recent experience at our JW Marriott Venice.  Further the transportation, our Isole delle Rose is located twenty minutes away from Saint Mark's Square, and the shuttle service runs every hour, from 9:00 am till 23:30 pm. May you wish to reach Venice earlier in the morning, our property also extends a complimentary shuttle service from the hotel to Piazzale Roma, close to the main train station, from 06:00 till 11:00 am, one way only. During the Summer season, our hotel grants a complimentary shuttle service from and to St. Mark's square every thirty minutes.  We are truly sorry to read that you did not enjoy the privacy and uniqueness of our secluded and exclusive property, which allows our guests to escape from the crowds of the city center while experiencing special relaxing moments in our outdoor facilities, such as the swimming pools, the garden areas and our JW Marriott Spa. May you decide to visit us again in the future, please do not hesitate to contact me directly and I will make sure that your stay will truly be special from the beginning till the end.  Kindest regards,  Erica Travan Erica.travan@jwmarriotthotels.com Front Office ManagerRead more