We stayed in a junior suite last week for 5 nights. Although we arrived at noon ish our room was not ready until 3pm. No problem for us as we went to Sagra and had lunch and drinks. The staff allowed us to sign for the meal pre-check-in and we did not find any problems as others have encountered pre check-in. Our junior suite at the front of the hotel had views overlooking Venice and were to die for. Just a point if you are looking to book here; the junior suites with a garden view have balconies or terraces (these are shown in the professional photos for the hotel website) but our junior suite at the front only had a window. Small point but the hotel should make it clear in our opinion. The photos we saw were obviously taken with a wide angled lens as the rooms whilst entirely…Read moreDate of stay: August 2015HelpfulShare Response from JWMarriottVenice, Public Relations Manager at JW Marriott Venice Resort & SpaResponded Sep 8, 2015Dear Sir,  Thank you for taking the time to write of your experience at our property and appreciate your balanced feedback.   We are pleased to read you appreciated your Junior Suite room category;  we took note of your suggestion of highlighting that there are very few Junior Suites - like yours - which provides a wonderful direct view of Venice skyline, while the majority features a wide terrace overlooking the century-old park. We will make sure to better indicate this into our web-site and we would like to thank you for having suggested this to us. At the same time, we would like to reassure and confirm that all pictures featured into our web-site are real and have been taken using normal lens - not wide angled ones.   We would like to thank you as well for all of your comments and observations, which are actually constructive and are much appreciated as they are indeed crucial in supporting our improvement efforts.  We have shared your feedback among our Management Team.  We thank you again and hope to have the chance to welcome you back to Venice again.  Sincerest regards,  Linda Bertoni Marketing & Communication ManagerRead more