We arrived at the hotel on a Friday Morning about 1000am.  Our room was not available.  We sat in the lobby for about 3 hours awaiting our room.  There was no FREE wifi, even for Marriott rewards members unless you were the highest status. Wi Fi was overpriced.  The lobby bar charged $6euros for a coke and that was the only place to purchase a beverage.  The hotel did not have a gift shop with sodas and snacks.  The room was quite large but had a horrific odor of sewage.  The water in the shower did not get hot.  We did not have bathing towels or toilet paper or regular coffee.  We woke up to brew our coffee and the coffee maker did not work.  We ordered coffee from room service and requested a new coffee maker for day 2.  The beds were not the most comfortable.  They were on…Read moreDate of stay: August 2015HelpfulShare Response from JWMarriottVenice, Public Relations Manager at JW Marriott Venice Resort & SpaResponded Sep 8, 2015Dear Davie,  Thank you for taking the time to share your experience with us on TripAdvisor. We are happy to know that you overall enjoyed your recent stay at our Resort, and please be assured we took good note of your observations.  At the same time, we would like to specify that we offer free WiFi in all public areas for any guests, while we offer it complimentary also in guestrooms to all Marriott Rewards members booking through any Marriott channels.  We also wish to specify that we do have our Dispensa Bar, selling local food products, snacks and drinks.  We would like also to thank you for your kind observations;  please kindly be assured we have shared your comments among our Management Team.  Any feedback is valuable for us, as comments allow us to better meet our Guests' need and expectations.  Please accept our sincere apologies for not meeting your expectations and hopefully one day you will return to our unique and amazing property to allow us to regain your confidence.  We thank you for your kind attention and remain with our sincerest regards,  Linda Bertoni Marketing & Communication ManagerRead more