We arrived for four nights stay and booked a junior suite however when we arrived at the room it was filthy , stained carpets,marked walls hair on the bathroom floor and pillow and a nice balcony but covered in dead mosquitoes , I headed back to reception and after a while they changed us rooms but this room was right opposite the loft and all we could hear was the ding ding every two or three seconds so we were then offed a down graded room on the same floor but we had paid for a junior suite ??? After more wasted time we were upgraded to a loft room which was nice but quite q walk from the main building and as a result from walking through the mosquito ridden pathways to get to our room we have all been eaten alive ,, I have never seen so many Mosquitos in my life ,,, the pool…Read moreDate of stay: August 2015HelpfulShare Response from JWMarriottVenice, Director of Sales at JW Marriott Venice Resort & SpaResponded Sep 8, 2015Dear valued Guest,  Many thanks for sharing your comments on your recent stay at our resort. We are really sorry to read that you had an unpleasant experience and that we didn’t match your expectations.  We apologize for all the troubles before you were offered an upgrade to a Maisonette loft Suite. We can assure that this was definitively an upgrade.   This year Venice has experienced an invasion of mosquitoes in particular in August due to the continuous changes of the weather conditions. Now the emergency is over however it seems the mosquitoes this year were three times more than last year. We have tried in many ways to minimize this unfortunate situation but it is very hard to fight against the nature.  We really appreciate also other comments you made on the quality of the food and about our housekeeping staff smoking while they are working, this is not acceptable. We also would like to reassure you that other comments such as the lack of loungers around the pools, the family pool and the overall cleanliness of the area are very well take into consideration to the point that for next year we are planning to increase the number of loungers and make the Giardino Pool (Family pool) more accessible to our little guests.  We really hope you will give us a second chance and revisit our property and remain with our sincerest regards,  Cristiano Cabutti Director of Sales & MarketingRead more