Beautiful room but issues in the room with a bathroom door not closing, lack or water bottles in the hotel, a family pool that was too small and not enough seating, an inifinity pool that is gorgeous but has poor lighting and you can easily fall getting into the pool. Bees in the outside dining areas so you cannot eat outside, overgrown grass which causes bugs around.  Gorgeous property that needs much help from Marriott. Used 120,000 Marriott points and so disappointed and wrote to Mr. Sorenson (CEO) and in one week no response.  Very disappointed.Read moreDate of stay: August 2015HelpfulShare Response from JWMarriottVenice, General Manager at JW Marriott Venice Resort & SpaResponded Sep 1, 2015Dear Madam,  I believe we have spoken together by phone as details sound familiar, but unfortunately your nickname in TripAdvisor does not correspond to a real recognizable name.  I apologize if we have not spoken directly during your stay and thank you for bringing issues to our attention.  I am pleased to say that we have now found a solution for the wasps on the pool deck and apologize that we were unable to do this during your stay.  As the hotel is newly opened we have found our family pool too small and this will enlarged over the Winter months.  As several suites have private plunge pools and the Villa having it's own pool it was thought the original design was adequate.  In addition there is the infinity pool on the roof top over looking the lagoon and Venice and the in-and-out pool at our 1750 square meter spa.  Isola delle Rose is a private island of 40 acres and we have worked hard to bring it back to it's former glory.  We are still working on the right schedule to have all the grounds looking immaculate all the time.  Being a JW Marriott, this is certainly our goal.  We are also working on lighting the Sagra terrace as I agree, it does need improving.  Please accept my sincere apologies for not meeting your expectations and hopefully one day you will return to our unique and amazing property to allow us to regain your confidence.  Your sincerely,   Paul Downing Acting General ManagerRead more