The good - food was excellent, location is great, shuttle service to Venice very reliable, public areas are well decorated The bad - service, friendliness, really lacking in atmosphere, no entertainment ( not even any music in the evening), v small pool areas with a severe lack of sun loungers. Drinks too expensive. Food options too limited. Rooms badly designed - look nice enough but nowhere to put anything! The ugly - the grounds are a disgrace. The island could be so beautiful but needs some TLC - needs planting and lounge seating areas outside. Didn't see any staff taking care of the outside areas. Overall, needs to become more customer friendly, improve service and spend some time and money developing the grounds.Read moreDate of stay: August 2015HelpfulShare Response from JWMarriottVenice, Director of Sales at JW Marriott Venice Resort & SpaResponded Sep 8, 2015Dear valued Guest,  Thank you very much for taking the time to share your recent experience at our resort. First of all, we are pleased to hear that you enjoyed the food, the great location, the shuttle service to St. Mark’s Square and the decoration of our public areas.  We are really sorry to hear that you perceived our staff to be unfriendly as this has been so far one of our strength. Also we do apologize if the service didn’t match your expectations.  We are seriously taking into consideration your comments on the lack of loungers and I can reassure you that next year we are planning to create an additional area around the Giardino pool (our family pool) where there will be more loungers available. Our guests are enjoying so much the resort and its facilities that we have realized that we need more loungers to accommodate our clients around the 2 pools.  With regards to our grounds, we have 5/6 people on a daily basis working to make sure that the grass is trimmed and the grounds are in good conditions. We agree that there is an area close to the church and our herbal gardens that needs a bit more of work and in fact all our efforts are focused in this area to plant additional fruit plants and vegetables to be able very soon to provide km 0 fruits and vegetables to our guests.  We really hope to welcome you soon again and remain with our sincerest regards,  Cristiano Cabutti Director of Sales & MarketingRead more