I enjoyed this hotel because it was far away from the crowds of Venice, because I walked around the island and saw how peaceful it was, and because my husband's and my room was very well-appointed.  The only complaint I have about the room, which was in one of the outer buildings, is the height of the bathtub.  Warning to short people like me:  Pay attention or you will trip INTO the bathtub. (You can stop laughing now.  I really did trip INTO the bathtub but escaped serious injury.  I just had a huge bruise across my left thigh for weeks!)  In addition to all of this, the breakfast buffet every morning was impressive--fresh fruits, breads, meats, mimosa, pretty much anything you wanted.  Later, I heard about the no air conditioning fiasco through friends.  I'm happy to report…Read moreDate of stay: July 2015HelpfulShare Response from JWMarriottVenice, Public Relations Manager at JW Marriott Venice Resort & SpaResponded Aug 20, 2015Dear Rae,  Thank you for taking the time to share your experience with us on TripAdvisor.   We are happy to know that you overall enjoyed your recent stay at our Resort, especially food offered at breakfast.  Regarding the air conditioning issue, unfortunately, in specific weeks of this summer - when the temperature was particularly high - the Hotel has experienced some mechanical faults with its engineering infrastructure.   This has resulted in sporadic and short lived discontinuity to the air conditioning systems in some of the main hotel guest rooms, which has impacted on the guest experience.  We have done all we could to address the issues and had a dedicated engineering task force on property to review and rectify the faults as quickly as possible.  We are pleased to know, however, that you have not been directly affected by this issue.  We hope to have the chance to welcome you back to Venice and to our Isola delle Rose and, thanking again, we remain with our sincerest regards,  Linda Bertoni Marketing & Communication ManagerRead more