We spent 2 nights at this hotel in May for our honeymoon. We were silver members at the time and got upgraded to a suite. Beautiful room , but as other reviews stated the AC did not work. It was extremely hot and we had to keep our patio door open to get air in. This is completely unacceptable especially for a new hotel! Also, their check in system is completely inefficient. They have only a few people sitting at a desk and as multiple people come off the shuttle to check in, they ask you to take a seat and wait, but then there is no order for who goes first. Check in can take quite a while. Now for the good. ... The Dopolavoro restaurant was wonderful and service perfection. We loved the Somm and all the waitstaff. On Thursdays, they also have a quartet playing in their chapel…Read moreDate of stay: May 2015HelpfulShare Response from JWMarriottVenice, Public Relations Manager at JW Marriott Venice Resort & SpaResponded Aug 18, 2015Dear Sir,  Thank you for taking the time to write of your experience at our property. First of all we would like to apologize for the inconveniences occurred during your recent stay with us; please kindly consider them as an unusual combination of negative circumstances, and not as our usual routine.    Unfortunately, in specific weeks of this summer - when the temperature was particularly high - the Hotel has experienced some mechanical faults with its engineering infrastructure.   This has resulted in sporadic and short lived discontinuity to the air conditioning systems in some of the main hotel guest rooms, which has impacted on the guest experience.  We have done all we could to address the issues and had a dedicated engineering task force on property to review and rectify the faults as quickly as possible.  We are extremely sorry for the inconvenience but fortunately the issue has now been solved.  Regarding your observations about our check-in process, we thank you for sharing your comments with us and please be assured that we will take them in consideration and will discuss within our Management Team.  At the same time, we are pleased to read you enjoyed our Dopolavoro Dining Room and particularly appreciated Ottavio, our Sommelier who has been awarded as Best Sommelier in Italy.  We hope to have the chance, in the future, to welcome you back to Venice and demonstrate that what you kindly indicated was a temporary situation pleasantly solved.  With best regards,  Linda Bertoni Marketing & Communication ManagerRead more