It's not ready for opening and the front desk staff need to be fired. We were there in July for 2 nights.  The AC does not work in the main building. After we complained for 2 hours after reaching at midnight with two young children, they upgraded us to another unit.  They were out of international adaptors...so bring your own. Billing is a disaster- they have overcharged me and not credited Marriott points.  The pool area is tiny and not suitable for a JW Marriott Resort. Food is a rip-off.  The only good things- the shuttle boat runs on time and the concierge staff was helpfulRead moreDate of stay: July 2015HelpfulShare Response from JWMarriottVenice, Public Relations Manager at JW Marriott Venice Resort & SpaResponded Aug 20, 2015Dear Sir,  Thank you for taking the time to write of your experience at our property. First of all we would like to apologize for the inconveniences occurred during your recent stay with us; although we have been experiencing some issues with the newly opened hotel, unfortunately this does happen in the opening and we can see daily improvements.  Unfortunately, in specific weeks of this summer - when the temperature was particularly high - the Hotel has experienced some mechanical faults with its engineering infrastructure.   This has resulted in sporadic and short lived discontinuity to the air conditioning systems in some of the main hotel guest rooms, which has impacted on the guest experience.  We have done all we could to address the issues and had a dedicated engineering task force on property to review and rectify the faults as quickly as possible.  We are extremely sorry for the inconvenience this has caused and we did all we could to mitigate the situation in the short term by supplying portable air conditioning units to affected rooms or, like you, offering upgrades to other guestrooms not affected by this issue. The intention was really to assist and give immediate support to our Guests.  We hope to have the chance, in the future, to welcome you back and demonstrate that what you kindly pointed out was a temporary situation, pleasantly solved.  We apologize again and, thanking for your kind attention, we remain with our sincerest regards,  Linda Bertoni Marketing & Communication ManagerRead more