My wife and I are Platinum Marriott members, staying at a variety of Marriott hotels consistently. While I understand this hotel is new, the service at the property and condition of the room were completely unacceptable. The air conditioning did not work, and the staff did not respond appropriately to multiple requests for help. The front desk actually laughed at our request for a new room. They ended up bringing in a mobile A/C unit at 1:30am which was extremely inconvenient. A more minor complaint is the condition of the walls and doors in the hotel - there are many scuffs which makes the property look bad. So far, we have been very disappointed by this experience.Read moreDate of stay: August 2015HelpfulShare Response from JWMarriottVenice, Public Relations Manager at JW Marriott Venice Resort & SpaResponded Aug 18, 2015Dear Sir,  Thank you for taking the time to write of your experience at our property. First of all we would like to apologize for the inconveniences occurred during your recent stay with us; please kindly consider them as an unusual situation, and not as our usual routine.   Unfortunately, in specific weeks of this summer - when the temperature was particularly high - the Hotel has experienced some mechanical faults with its engineering infrastructure.   This has resulted in sporadic and short lived discontinuity to the air conditioning systems in some of the main hotel guest rooms, which has impacted on the guest experience.  We have done all we could to address the issues and had a dedicated engineering task force on property to review and rectify the faults as quickly as possible.  We are extremely sorry for the inconvenience this has caused and we did all we could to mitigate the situation in the short term by supplying portable air conditioning units to affected rooms. The intention was really to assist and give immediate support to our Guests.  We hope to have the chance to welcome you back to Venice in the future, and demonstrate that what you kindly indicated was a temporary situation pleasantly solved.  We apologize again and remain with our sincerest regards,  Linda Bertoni Marketing & Communication ManagerRead more