I booked three rooms at the JW Marriott Venice hoping for an excellent JW Marriott service. The JW Marriott at Venice was one of the most chaotic and most mismanaged hotels I have ever stayed at. I have stayed in Italy before with Marriott and never experience such behaviour.   We were told to use the "Family Pool" as we had a family. I though this would be a good idea...until I realised that the restaurant hadn't been completed, the toilet area was a single shared toilet and there were no changing areas. Furthermore - there were digging equipment (JCB-type vehicles) working across from the pool - that was the view. No attempt was made to screen guest from this by erecting a rudimentary screen for both privacy and aesthetics. Again - not what I would expect from a 5-start hotel.…Read moreDate of stay: July 2015HelpfulShare Response from JWMarriottVenice, Public Relations Manager at JW Marriott Venice Resort & SpaResponded Aug 17, 2015Dear Sir,  Thank you for taking the time to write of your experience at our property. First of all we would like to apologize for the inconveniences occurred during your recent stay with us; please kindly consider them as an unusual combination of negative circumstances, and not our usual routine.  Although we have been experiencing some issues with the newly opened hotel, unfortunately this does happen in the opening and we can see daily improvements.  We are sorry to read that your experience of using our Family Pool was not pleasant. We continue developing our Family Pool area and even though we are still completing some work in the area which may be visible from the pool, we felt important to give to our guests an additional swimming pool option. This is usually appreciated by guests travelling with children, as they can have fun and play in the Playground Area close to the pool, and around the gardens.  We apologize also for your disappointment regarding your dining experience at our Sagra Restaurant;  as the quality of the food offered is appreciated by guests, the restaurant is often highly reserved and occupied and therefore sometimes service is slower compared to other days.  We actually did not register any day in which it takes around 4 hours to serve guests, but probably your feeling was of a long waiting and we are sorry for this. Please be assured that your observations have been taken to heart.  We know you have been in touch with our Front of the House Manager regarding the mistake done at the moment of your check-out and we deeply apologize again for this.  Fortunately, we have been able to promptly assist you and solve properly the situation and we will of course make sure that these human mistakes will never happen again.   We are happy to know you enjoyed our location and appreciated our friendly staff.  We hope to have, in the future, a second chance to welcome you back to Venice so to demonstrate that what you kindly pointed out is a temporary situation pleasantly solved.  Sincerest regards,  Linda Bertoni Marketing & Communication ManagerRead more