Where to start. This is not a 5 star hotel, except for the food. We waited 1,5 hours to check in and even at the check in time our rooms were not available. We had to ask 3 times for our rooms after check in time.   Extremely disappointed, we booked 2 deluxe rooms with garden view. We received one deluxe room and one standard room without a garden view. We paid the same price for both rooms, yet one was spacious with a bathtub and balcony - the other we were 3 people cramped into one standard room with no bathtub or garden view.   When we raised this issue wth the staff they were extremely rude and condescending about it and essentially we were forced to remain in the cramped room.   It gets worse. They advertise as a spa but you have to pay 35e to enter the spa and use the…Read moreDate of stay: August 2015HelpfulShare Response from JWMarriottVenice, Public Relations Manager at JW Marriott Venice Resort & SpaResponded Aug 14, 2015Dear Sir,  Thank you for your feedback, which sounds really unusual to us for various aspects.  First of all, our room category start from Deluxe Double Rooms – we do not have any standard room as our entry level is the Deluxe.  View from Deluxe Double Rooms can vary: gardens, Venice or Lagoon view.  If one of your room did not have garden view, it actually featured a charming view – over Venice or the Lagoon.  We therefore do not understand what you highlighted in this review.  As you can also see from previous comments posted by other reviewers, our staff is highly appreciated for the kindness and for the genuine, friendly service provided.  We are surprised you indicated the staff were extremely rude.  Also, we are used to communicate in total transparency, and the Spa is indicated and highlighted in our web-site as chargeable with a fee of 25 Euro per person for a 3-hours access for guests, while 35 Euro is applied to all external people.  Also, kindly note that the access fee is included if you reserve a treatment or massage – the hammam treatment for instance.  Finally, you indicated you stayed at our property in August and posted the review on 3rd August. We have double-checked all nationalities of our guests in those 3 days and no-one was from South Africa, as you are registered here.  For all these discrepancies, we actually think you did not effectively experience our Resort and your comment and nickname has been highlighted and indicated to TripAdvisor, so to take all necessary actions.  We remain at complete disposal for any further information.  Sincerest regards,  Linda Bertoni Marketing & Communication ManagerRead more