Where do I start? My family, wife, brother-in-law, 2 girls and I are frequent visitors to Venice where we have previously stayed at the Saint-Clement and Bauer hotels. This year my brother-in-law booked us a week at the Marriott, I must say I was a little reticent as the hotel is new having recently opened and I did not think the Marriott chain would get Venice right. I was not wrong. I arrived 3 days after my family. When they arrived a pair of soiled underwear was dangling outside one of the room windows and it took 48 hours and me ringing the manager from France to get these removed even though my wife had raised the issue with the front desk. Next small hiccup was the water-taxi reserved for my trip from the airport to the hotel. It wasn't there, no-one was at the airport…Read moreDate of stay: July 2015HelpfulShare Response from JWMarriottVenice, Public Relations Manager at JW Marriott Venice Resort & SpaResponded Sep 11, 2015Dear Sir,  Thank you for taking the time to share your experience with us on TripAdvisor. . First of all we would like to apologize for the inconveniences occurred during your recent stay with us; please kindly consider them as an unusual combination of negative circumstances, and not as our usual routine.  Although we have been experiencing some issues with the newly opened hotel, unfortunately this does happen in the opening and we can see daily improvements.  This, for instance, happened with the AC system;  unfortunately, in specific weeks of this summer - when the temperature was particularly and unusually high - the Hotel has experienced some mechanical faults with its engineering infrastructure.   This has resulted in sporadic and short lived discontinuity to the air conditioning systems in some of the main hotel guest rooms, which has impacted on the guest experience.  We have done all we could to address the issues and had a dedicated engineering task force on property to review and rectify the faults as quickly as possible.  We are extremely sorry for the inconvenience this has caused and we did all we could to mitigate the situation in the short term by supplying portable air conditioning units to affected rooms. The intention was really to assist and give immediate support to our Guests.  This situation related to the AC system, however, has been finally fixed and solved.  Please be assured that all your observations have been shared within our Management Team and have been internally discussed.  Please accept our sincere apologies for not meeting your expectations and hopefully one day you will return to our unique and amazing property to allow us to regain your confidence.  Sincerest regards,  Linda Bertoni Marketing & Communication ManagerRead more