Overall - their level of service does not match the price and beauty of the location. Plan on about 20 minutes each way for the boat ride and it's pretty hot below decks.  They have water in the boat house as well as in a cooler in the boat. I expected a lot more from a Marriott resort as I frequently stay at Marriotts.  Pros: -It's on a beautiful island -the rooms are spacious and clean -breakfast is huge and delicious -dinner was delicious as well as the cocktails  Cons: - rooftop pool closes at 8 pm with no warning (other than them "running out of towels", I'm sorry if you have people in the pool, you need towels if you want them to get out).  Why on earth would you close a rooftop pool with that kind of view of Venice at 8pm when the bar is open until midnight and it's 98F…Read moreDate of stay: July 2015HelpfulShare Response from JWMarriottVenice, Public Relations Manager at JW Marriott Venice Resort & SpaResponded Jul 28, 2015Dear Sir,  Thank you for taking the time to write of your experience at our property. We are pleased to know that you appreciated our beautiful island, our spacious and clean rooms, our delicious buffet breakfast and dinner.    At the same time, we would like to apologize for the inconveniences occurred during your recent stay with us and if we have not been able to fully meet your expectations; please be assured that all your observations have been shared within our Management Team and have been internally discussed. We are sure that what you indicated, especially regarding the service at our restaurant, is an unusual situation as our associates take care of our lovely Guests and you can read several reviews appreciating the friendly and passionate attitude of our staff.  We are also happy to inform that the Giardino Bar by the Family Pool is effectively open as of today, 28th July, and we are now able to serve beverages around the area. We are sure that this will enhance the relaxing experience by the pool and around the century-old park!  We hope to have the chance, in the future, to welcome you back to Venice and demonstrate that what you kindly indicated was a temporary situation pleasantly solved.    Sincerest regards,  Linda Bertoni Marketing & Communication ManagerRead more