We have just returned from a surprise trip for my wife to celebrate her recent birthday and our upcoming wedding anniversary.  As we had both not visited Venice before I did lots of research in where to stay.  Back in May the JW Marriott certainly sounded like the place to go so I booked it.  Leading up to our trip I got very worried by the negative reviews regarding air conditioning and pool side issues and slow service, but I stuck with it.   We were flying in from Switzerland. Firstly we got a private boat transfer from the airport to the airport through Venicelink.  This is a bit pricey but very much worth every penny.  It is a very luxury way to get to the hotel and you see some great sights, and is certainly a lot quicker and comfortable compared to the people we saw…Read moreDate of stay: July 2015HelpfulShare Response from JWMarriottVenice, Responsabile relazioni pubbliche at JW Marriott Venice Resort & SpaResponded Jul 31, 2015Dear Mr Gianni,  Thank you for taking the time to write of your experience at our property and appreciate your balanced feedback.  First of all, we would like to thank you for having highlighted the name of our Reception Agent Alessandra; feedback like yours encourage us and the people named in continuing imparting with passion our sense of hospitality and dedication to our guests.  We would like to apologize for the inconvenience related to the Housekeeping service. We have internally discussed what you kindly pointed out and we will make sure it will never happen again.  Thank you also for having highlighted your appreciation of our spa services and breakfast.  Referring to WiFi, it is complimentary for every guest around the public areas, while complimentary also in guestrooms for Marriott Rewards members booking directly through our Marriott channels. Becoming a Marriott Rewards member is easy and free of charge and we encourage you to join, and taking advantage of the many privileged values and promotions.  We thank you and apologize again if we have not been able to completely meet your expectations but at the same time we are sure that what you kindly indicated has been a combination of unpleasant circumstances we are focusing on to rapidely fix, so to provide you - in occasion of your next trip to Venice - a truly perfect stay.  Sincerest regards,  Linda Bertoni Marketing & Communication ManagerRead more