I would avoid this hotel at all costs.  The Good  The hotel is situated on a lovely island and is very appealing to the eye.  Free bottled water was available throughout the hotel as were candies for the kids - this is a nice touch.  Most staff were friendly - not necessarily competent, but nonetheless friendly.  First impressions are very good but sadly it goes down hill from here.    The Bad  As many other reviewers have pointed out, the air conditioning simply does not work.  The restaurants are uncomfortably hot, the rooms are like saunas and the attitude to fix same is woeful.  From other's reviews it appears that this has been a problem for months and is not a temporary problem.  The temperature in our room was 35 degrees celsius and their solution was to provide two $20…Read moreDate of stay: July 2015HelpfulShare Response from JWMarriottVenice, Public Relations Manager at JW Marriott Venice Resort & SpaResponded Jul 29, 2015Dear Sir,  We would like to thank you for taking the time to write your feedback related to our property.   Although we are pleased to know that you have been impressed by the beauty of our island and by our friendly staff, we are sorry for some inconveniences you experienced.  Please kindly accept our sincerest apologize;  at the same time, referring to the air conditioning issue affecting some rooms, we would like to inform that we have a large team of engineers fixing the problem in these days and we hope to finally address it as the heat in Europe is persistent and exceptional this year.  To mitigate the problem we purchased several additional portable AC units or fans.  Although we have been experiencing some technical issues with the newly opened hotel, unfortunately this does happen in the opening and we can see daily improvements.  We are sorry to read your disappointment referring to our Housekeeping Team.  As you can read from some previous reviewers, our team is usually appreciated and we are always at disposal to provide additional shower gels, shampoos, body lotions and as well correctly replacing used towels.    Ice machines are effectively present and working at our Resort, to provide our guests ice whenever they wish.  You kindly mentioned that at the end of your stay you had five empty ice buckets in your room but actually our associates did not find them.  We also have verified the minibar present in your room, and it effectively works.  We are deeply sorry for what happened with our Room Service order, however please kindly note that no allergies or food intolerances have been indicated to our associate while ordering the meal.  Also, our Duty Manager offered and insisted to assist you and your children, organizing a medical visit or immediately escorting you to the local Hospital.  You actually refused this and we took good note of your preference, respecting your choice.  When our General Manager met you, he has been sympathetic to offer - as a nice gesture and as a way to demonstrate our intention to repair to any possible dissatisfaction - a complimentary night and this is what it has been correctly applied to your final room bill.  Regarding our complimentary shuttle service, almost the totality of our guests actually loves it as it is a really unique experience: you cross the smooth lagoon in total comfort as ours are luxury boats and we provide onboard complimentary bottled water and free WiFi, and you get off directly in front of the Royal Gardens, just few steps from St. Mark’s Square.  Condé Nast Traveller UK has recently defined our shuttle service: “The 20 minutes by motoscafo to St. Mark’s Square is no shuttle transfer, but a voyage of discovery”.  We thank you for your attention and we remain at complete disposal for any further clarifications.  Sincerest regards,  Linda Bertoni Marketing & Communication ManagerRead more