 I got this amazing deal to stay at this new hotel and gladly paid my single supplement etc.  Spring in Venice is definitely ideal. I wanted to immerse myself in the Bienalle arts festival.   I  arrived in May and since it was my first visit I opted to take the water taxi from airport to hotel.  The hotel is equipped for water taxis.  This isn't cheap. It's €120. But extremely convinient and my evening flight meant lovely views.   The staff are fantastic.  Seriously I can't complain.   I had changed all my cash and only brought one card to check in. They pre-charge the card €150.00 /night. Red faced moment if you're counting pennies. It's not taken off the card though.   This place is not cheap. Like all the other reviews. I spent the first evening cackling at the prices and…Read moreDate of stay: May 2015HelpfulShare Response from JWMarriottVenice, Public Relations Manager at JW Marriott Venice Resort & SpaResponded Jul 28, 2015Dear Lyuba,  We would like to thank you for your feedback.  We are happy to know that you enjoyed your recent stay at our Resort:  it is our goal to make your stay a truly memorable one, and we are proud to know that overall we met your expectations.  We are happy you felt we at JW Marriott love our company and work here with passion, giving our best to make guests’ stays truly memorable.  We all are proud to represent JW Marriott, especially here which is the first JW property in Italy.  We are pleased to know you liked our recreation activities; just note that most of them are free of charge and only a few - such as the ones at the Sapori Cooking Academy - are chargeable. At the Sapori, we also provide cooking classes which are just 80 Euro per person so you can easily enjoy an authentic Italian cooking activity which lasts around 2 hours.  As you were traveling alone, we hope you appreciated the secluded areas and the sense of privacy, tranquility and safety of our grounds. This is usually highly appreciated especially by independent people traveling alone.  Please kindly keep in touch with us, joining our Facebook fan-page where we regularly post our news and pictures.  Feel free to share your memories there, too!  We thank you and hope to welcome you back soon to Venice and remain with our sincerest regards,  Linda Bertoni Marketing & Communication ManagerRead more