Hotel is in a beautiful location. The room is sumptuous, I then came across, coffee stains on the table which prompted me to write this review, the service is hopeless, and not what I would expect from such a  resort or indeed any Marriott.  It is a shame  as the hotel itself is wonderful. My dissatisfaction started when we were advised our room was not ready and was told we could use the pool and the restaurant  on the roof terrace. this was fine. .A great  setting but no sunbeds. We decided to use the restaurant, lots of waiters but no service. We were  waiting to be served for over 40 minutes, we waited a further 40mins for food to arrive. We requested basic services to be provided from a number of the different the waiters, water please, side plate please, what has happened…Read moreDate of stay: July 2015HelpfulShare Response from JWMarriottVenice, Responsabile relazioni pubbliche at JW Marriott Venice Resort & SpaResponded Jul 24, 2015Dear John,  Thank you for taking the time to write of your experience at our property. We are sorry to read your experience has not been impeccable around our rooftop area and we apologize for this. Please be assured that what you kindly highlighted has been discussed within our Management Team and we appreciated your review, as feedbacks allow us to improve our service and dedication to our guests.  At the same time, as you mentioned about a fireworks display in your post, we suppose you travelled to Venice in occasion of the Redentore Night. A truly great choice! This is a traditional celebration in Venice and we Venetians celebrate with fantastic fireworks sparkling over Venice and the Lagoon. During that week-end, our town - and consequentially hotels - is highly booked and therefore restaurants and bars are crowded. We are aware this is not a justification but please consider that week-end as an unusual situation; usually service at our rooftop restaurant and bar is smooth and attentive, as you can read from the other past reviews.  We hope to have the chance to welcome you back to Venice and to our island, and demonstrate that what you kindly highlight has to be considered as an out-of-ordinary situation and not our routine.  We apologize again and remain with our sincerest regards,  Linda Bertoni Marketing & Communication ManagerRead more