Won't bore you with my story basically we're staying 5 nights (leaving Mon 20th July) family of 5 with 3 boys age 11, 13, 15. Booked on points. Platinum Elite Member. Two Junior Suites 340 and 341.  Here are the headlines good and bad:  Good points : Great location. Easy to get to - shuttle boat service fast and efficient. Suites roomy and v modern  Breakfast fantastic. Housekeeping ladies are lovely but don't speak English so learn a few Italian phrases.  Bad points :  Where to start..... Confused check in process - took nearly an hour to sort our reservation then had 4 hour wait for rooms to be ready! They did not call as promised. Very unprofessional. Rude ignorant staff at roof top pool bar ( except Claudio who is excellent! ) Pools are ridiculously small despite there being…Read moreDate of stay: July 2015HelpfulShare Response from JWMarriottVenice, Responsabile relazioni pubbliche at JW Marriott Venice Resort & SpaResponded Jul 26, 2015Dear Sir,  Thank you for taking the time to write of your experience at our property and appreciate your feedback.  First of all, we would like to apologize if somehow we unfortunately did not meet your expectations. We are pleased to know that you appreciated our location, our complimentary shuttle service from and to St. Mark's Square, the design of your suite, our breakfast and our housekeeping service.  At the same time, we are sorry to noticed we failed with some of your expectations and would like to reassure you that we took note of your comments and observations and discussed them within our Management Team. Please be assured that your comments have been taken to heart.  Although we have been experiencing some issues with the newly opened hotel, unfortunately this does happen in the opening and we can effectively notice daily improvements.  We hope to have the chance, in the future, to welcome you back to Venice to demonstrate you how what you kindly pointed out has to be considered as a temporary situation, pleasantly solved.  Sincerest regards,  Linda Bertoni Marketing & Communication ManagerRead more