5 Stars for the Location: 3 Stars for everything else. See below for more detail.  Venice in summer: if you've never been, it might sound glorious. But as we've been before we knew to expect: very hot sun and crowds.  That's what I loved about this hotel: it gave us respite from both! It's a brand new hotel (set on a private island) in the laguna of Venice--you get to be in Venice, with sweeping views toward Piazza San Marco and all the famous sites, with a private boat launch to take you too and from (for free) every 30 minutes or so...but you are far, far away from the crowds.  Pros: There is a beautiful rooftop pool and a cool bar; a larger, deeper pool in the gardens; lots and lots of staff with smiles; the rooms are well appointed. And you're on your own private island in…Read moreDate of stay: July 2015HelpfulShare Response from JWMarriottVenice, Responsabile relazioni pubbliche at JW Marriott Venice Resort & SpaResponded Jul 26, 2015Dear Sir,  We would like to thank you for your detailed feedback.  We are happy to know that in general you enjoyed your recent stay at our Resort, and we took good note of your observations.  Please be assured that your comments have been taken to heart.  At the same time, we would like to reassure we are environmental conscious and we respect recycling, especially plastic bottles. We noticed that offering complimentary water is a nice gesture usually appreciated by most of guests but at the same time can understand your concern. As we are located in a very delicate environment - the Venetian Lagoon - we follow and encourage recycling.  Also, regarding WiFi, we offer it for free to all Marriott Rewards members reserving our propperty through one of the various Marriott channels. We invite you to join Marriott Rewards - it is complimentary and you will have the opportunity to take advantage of interesting privileged offers and special added values in all Marriott properties worldwide.  We hope to have the chance to welcome you back soon to Venice and to our island and remain with our sincerest regards,  Linda Bertoni Marketing & Communication ManagerRead more