My partner and I spent ten days in Italy and stayed at wonderful hotels including Aldrovandi Villa borghese in Rome and Hotel Lungarno owned by the Ferragamo family in Florence, both hotels exceeded our expectations in terms of service, cleanliness and much more. Our trip was going fantastic until we actually arrived here, I wanted to request for an early check in as I knew we were going to be arriving earlier but it turns out that this hotel chain does not have an email address so I was unable to contact them, during the two hours we spent waiting for our room we ordered drinks and food on the rooftop bar, it took two hours in the scorching hot sun for them to make us three appetizers and 3 drinks, hotel staff were extremely unfriendly and made us feel un welcomed, it was…Read moreDate of stay: July 2015HelpfulShare Response from JWMarriottVenice, Direttore vendite at JW Marriott Venice Resort & SpaResponded Jul 24, 2015Dear Valued Guest, Many thanks for taking the time to share your feedback. We are really sorry to hear that our property didn't match your expectations. It is unfortunate that after such a pleasant trip in Italy we couldn't deliver the service that you expected. We do apologize for the inconvenience with the AC. We have a team of engineers that is currently fixing the problem as we have still a very few rooms that are affected and for those we are providing a mobile AC unit that we understand is not ideal but certainly helps to mitigate the problem. We are really sorry to hear that you felt our staff being unfriendly. Our staff has been always very friendly also according to the other reviews and I think in good faith they have upgraded you not to "buy" your happiness but for making sure you would enjoyed your stay with us after a difficult start. Again we apologize for the other comments you made and we hope that a few positive aspects of your recent stay with us such as the beauty of the resort and our roof top infinity pool will encourage you to give us a second chance. We look forward to welcoming you again to the JW Marriott Venice Resort & Spa.  Cristiano Cabutti Director of Sales & MarketingRead more