Its was by far the worst jw marriott experience i've ever had! Thou the hotel is said to be new (opened last march only) its totally unprepared for visitors! I was staying there for 3 nights and the following happened: 1)when booking i've requested an anti allergic room and after arriving from a 16 hr flights and transit i found out that i was given a regular room, it then took me more than an hr to explain to the house keeping who speak very little english what i want and total 3 hrs for them to change it 2) i spent 2 nights of my total 3 nights with no air conditioner not to mention how many times i've requested it to be fixed or to be transferred into another room then it wasn't fixed until i went down to the reception and had a huge fight 3) i was surprisingly lucky with all…Read moreDate of stay: June 2015HelpfulShare Response from JWMarriottVenice, Direttore vendite at JW Marriott Venice Resort & SpaResponded Jul 24, 2015Dear Valued Guest, Many thanks for taking the time to share your feedback on your stay with us. First of all let me apologize as unfortunately it sounds we haven't encountered your expectations despite the positive comments on our great food and genuine care of our staff. We are finally resolving the problem of the AC which has certainly caused the most of your dissatisfaction. We have a team of engineers that are fixing the problem and where is needed we have purchased a number of portable units to place in the hot rooms. We clearly understand that this is not pleasant but I would like to reassure you that soon this issue will be fixed completely. As an aggravation Europe reached a record heat over the last few weeks. We are really sorry to hear that beside the AC issue other problems have occurred. We have taken notes on your comments on the cleanliness of the room and public areas and also on your comments on the problems experienced at check out. As among negative comments there were a few positives we hope you give us a second chance and you will revisit in the future. We really want to turn into your "best marriott experience".  Cristiano Cabutti Director of Sales & MarketingRead more