We stayed two nights here prior to leaving on a Mediterranean cruise.  The hotel is newly opened, and there may be some bugs they are still working out. Our stay was fair at best, which makes the price paid seem far too steep.  On the positive side, the hotel and grounds are beautiful.  There are numerous paths around the grounds for walking. Our package included breakfast at the buffet each morning. The hotel and rooms are clean and the lobby itself is very well done and attractive. The staff are polite and are able to communicate in English.  Since the hotel is on an island, there is a shuttle service you must use to actually get into the city.  The positive here is that they have a posted schedule, and, at least for our use of it, stuck to the schedule quite well. …Read moreDate of stay: June 2015HelpfulShare Response from JWMarriottVenice, Direttore vendite at JW Marriott Venice Resort & SpaResponded Jul 26, 2015Dear Valued Guest, Thank you very much for taking to share your feedback. We are really sorry to learn that your overall experience didn't match completely your expectations despite your positive comments on the hotel' its beautiful grounds, its polite and friendly staff and it's attractive rooms and lobby. We have taken note of your comments with regards to our pricing which have been reviewed despite we were in line if not below the other 5 star hotels in Venice. Our private island grants tranquility and is connected every half hour to St. Mark's Square which enables our guests to visit Venice whenever they wish and enjoy our unique facilities when they are tired to visit the city. If I may use one of the comments of another reviewer the resort offers the best of the two worlds. I also apologize for the inconvenience with the AC in the second room. We are gradually solving this issue which is enhanced due to the exceptional heat of this month. We really hope you will give us a second chance and you will revisit us soon  Cristiano Cabutti Director of Sales & MarketingRead more