The hotel is New, it has Beautiful installations, confortable  Rooms, an outrageous entrance, great staff but I think  The A/C problem  has To be a nightmare For The General Manager. The first 30 min I stayed at The Room in The Main building, I realized it could be a big problem For my family. I requested To change The Rooms, thank God they had them, those were The best suites they have. The A/C worked  really good,  The only two bad things, The mosquitos, but They have wall plug in  mosquitos repelent, and The second was really  The worst, I requested The extras bed sheets and pillows and we waited more than 2 hours To get it, the first call I did it around 11 pm and it Came around 1:30 AM,  The breakfast was good, and their michellin stars restaurant was reallly good, and…Read moreDate of stay: June 2015HelpfulShare Response from JWMarriottVenice, General Manager at JW Marriott Venice Resort & SpaResponded Jun 18, 2015Dear Sir,  We would like to thank you for sharing your thoughts with us.  We are pleased to know you appreciated our property, our rooms and the attitude of our Staff and we are deeply sorry you unfortunately noticed some issues related to the air conditioning system.  In recent days, the main hotel at JW Marriott Venice Resort & Spa has been experiencing mechanical faults with its engineering infrastructure.   This has resulted in sporadic and short lived discontinuity to the air conditioning systems in some of the main hotel guest rooms, which has impacted on the guest experience.  We are doing all we can to address the issues and have a dedicated engineering task force on property to review and rectify the faults as quickly as possible.   We are extremely sorry for the inconvenience this has caused and we are doing all we can to mitigate the situation in the short term also offering room changes, whenever possible.   We are confident that all systems will be fully operational soon.  We wish also to apologize for any inconvenience caused related to the delay in delivering the extra bed sheets during night; we will take great care of your observations and discuss this with our Management Team.  We apologize again and remain with our sincerest regards,  Paul Downing Acting General ManagerRead more