Went here to kick off our honeymoon in Italy, when we first arrived check-in was great and cheerful, and they even "upgraded" our room because of Marriott Rewards Status and/or honeymoon.  Get up to the room, wonderful jr. suite.. but extremely hot. Fiddle with AC for 10 min.. not any cooler... Call down, "We're so sorry, we will send a tech to check it out, he should be up there in 10-15 minutes.  45 min later still no tech, so we wonder down to the front desk, "So sorry, sir.  He will be coming shortly please go back to your sweat-box of a room.  15 min after that, tech shows.. turns on and off the breakers in the room, still no cool AC at this point its Midnight so he offers us a portable AC and makes it slightly more bearable but by no means cool.  The next day we go down to…Read moreDate of stay: June 2015HelpfulShare Response from JWMarriottVenice, General Manager at JW Marriott Venice Resort & SpaResponded Jun 18, 2015Dear Brian,  We are deeply sorry for what happened during your recent stay with us.  Our main goal is our guests’ satisfaction and we are extremely sorry to read we unfortunately failed with your expectations, due to some technical issues.  In recent days, the main hotel at JW Marriott Venice Resort & Spa has been experiencing mechanical faults with its engineering infrastructure.   This has resulted in sporadic and short lived discontinuity to the air conditioning systems in some of the main hotel guest rooms, which has impacted on the guest experience.  We are doing all we can to address the issues and have a dedicated engineering task force on property to review and rectify the faults as quickly as possible.   We are extremely sorry for the inconvenience this has caused and we are doing all we can to mitigate the situation in the short term by supplying portable air conditioning units to affected rooms.   We will continue to update guests on an ongoing basis and are confident that all systems will be fully operational soon.  We apologize again and remain with our sincerest regards,  Paul Downing Acting General ManagerRead more