My wife and I spent 3 nights at the JW Marriott Venice while on holiday in Italy. As other reviewers have noted, the island is a welcome escape from the crowds and bustle of Venice. It is truly a retreat. The grounds are spectacular. We were fortunate enough to be upgraded to a La Maisonette Loft Suite, which is probably the nicest hotel room I've ever stayed in. It was so lovely and romantic. Private patio. 1.5 baths. Full tub. Rain shower. 2 levels. So luxurious!  The shuttle may be an issue for some, as you must factor the time into your schedule. One day we waited for an hour and a half, as the local regatta delayed all boats. It was frustrating but not the hotel's fault. But still, some will not want to fool with a shuttle.   For the most part, service was excellent. The…Read moreDate of stay: June 2015HelpfulShare Response from JWMarriottVenice, Responsabile relazioni pubbliche at JW Marriott Venice Resort & SpaResponded Jun 11, 2015Dear Curtis,  We would like to thank you for your feedback.  We are happy to know that, overall, you enjoyed your recent stay at our Resort:  it is our goal to make your stay a truly memorable one, and we are proud to know we met your expectations.  La Maisonette Loft Suite is one of the nicest suite category and we are pleased to know you appreciated it. A split-level refuge in which to experience the energy and calm of the resort. On the first floor is set the living area, with a spacious lounge extending harmoniously outdoors through ample expanses of glass onto the wooden parterre and into the surrounding garden. On the second level is located the sleeping area, with a wardrobe and a bathroom and direct view over the olive groves. What a great choice for a relaxing getaway in Venice!  Concerning the shuttle boat, on Sunday 7th a local traditional regatta - the "Palio delle Repubbliche Marinare" - has been held here in Venice and this is why the general navigation in town slightly changed for few hours. It was really an event out-of-ordinary and our private dock is usually located in St. Mark's Square, just in front of the Royal Gardens.  We thank you for your observations related to our pool area and we will make sure to share them with our Management.  We truly hope to have the chance to welcome you back soon to Venice and to our Isola delle Rose and remain with our sincerest regards,  Linda Bertoni Marketing & Communication ManagerRead more