We have just returned from a 3 night break at this resort. The location is superb & we loved the fact you can escape the crowds & retreat back to the peace of the resort. We were aware that the hotel had only opened back in March, but we're slightly surprised as to how unfinished the grounds are. More importantly our room was lovely, as are most areas of the main building itself. All the staff we encountered were always polite & friendly, however, we experienced a lot of inconsistencies with the service provided; check-in was slow & it took ages to get drinks served by the pool. The breakfast is amazing, although on 2 out of the 3 sittings our table was being cleared when we were still dining. In the grand scheme of things these are all fairly small points & certainly didn't…Read moreDate of stay: May 2015HelpfulShare Response from JWMarriottVenice, Responsabile relazioni pubbliche at JW Marriott Venice Resort & SpaResponded May 26, 2015Dear Nick,  Thank you for your review; any comment is important for us, as feedback allow us to constantly improve and offer the best travel experience ever to our guests.  We are sorry if you feel that our check-in experience took too long time; we appreciate your feedback and will make efforts to shorten the information we share on check and in general quicken the process.  We would like to inform also that our private island was totally abandoned for dozens and dozens of years before renovations started. A wide team of gardeners lovingly takes great care of our island's 40 acres, of the century-old park, of the olive groves, of all bushes, plants and trees that make unique our island; our gardeners also recently planted 300 fruit trees and all expansive herbs and vegetable gardens for our Chef, which are located just behind the Dopolavoro Dining Room. These trees and plants are still young and we know it could take some months for them to appear strong and lush, but we are aware we need to respect Nature's timings. There are also some limited areas of the island, not accessible to guests, where grounds need to be totally landscaping but we wish to highlight and reassure that these areas do not affect our guests' stays.  We wish to have the chance, in the future, to welcoming you back to Venice and demonstrate you that what you kindly pointed out is something pleasantly solved. Again, thank you for sharing your feedback with us and best regards,  Linda Bertoni Marketing & Communication ManagerRead more