Very modern hotel, with lovely rooms - as long as you are content with neutral furnishings and no evidence of being in Italy and near one of the most beautiful cities in the world (Venice).  We had a lovely room with views over the lagoon and with St Marks Square in the distance; would have been lovely if the room layout had taken in to consideration the view, and positioned the bed so you could wake up to the view.  Very disappointing reception on arrival; both in décor, lack of impressive reception desk area, and although staff were keen; they lacked experience and professionalism you would expect from the JW brand of Marriott hotels.  A new hotel with many teething problems (we were told on our first night that there would be no water supply to the hotel until the next day so…Read moreDate of stay: May 2015HelpfulShare Response from JWMarriottVenice, Responsabile relazioni pubbliche at JW Marriott Venice Resort & SpaResponded May 30, 2015Dear Madam,  We would like to thank you for sharing your feedback; our main goal is to make our guests' stays truly memorable ones and we are sorry if sometimes we did not meet your expectations due to some unlucky circumstances.  We would like to highlight that, on your arrival day, we were experiencing some issues related to the public water company in town. We were still able to provide water to all guestrooms but these issues could become wider and could have started to affect some rooms, so we preferred to anticipate any possible inconvenience and inform guests about this, delivering emergency water bottles to all rooms and organizing water stations in the major corners of the island. Fortunately, the situation remained stable and guestrooms have not been affected by this external issue.  We are happy to know you appreciated our rooftop pool area and our complimentary shuttle service which easily connects our island to St. Mark's Square.  Regarding treatments at our GOCO Spa Venice, as of beginning of May they all are available and guests can choose among a wide selection of massages and QMS or Amala treatments.  We hope to have the chance in the future to welcome you back to Venice, and demonstrate that what you kindly highlight is not our routine, but an unusual combination of unlucky circumstances. We thank you again and remain with our sincerest regards,  Linda Bertoni Marketing & Communication ManagerRead more