My fiance and I recently stayed at the Marriot for 4 nights and can honestly say that we had an absolutely fantastic time. The hotel is stunningly beautiful with incredible views across the lagoon. The staff are exceptionally friendly and always willing to assist. Our room was clean and comfortable. The restaurants in the hotel are all fabulous and this is certainly one of the key selling points of the hotel. The rooftop pool is a beautiful feature and enables you to enjoy great views across Venice. My only quibble (if I must have one) is that there is no free wifi in the rooms. Given that this is a 5* resort, this should really be included in the price of the room. The breakfast is superb - if you are thinking of booking a trip I highly recommend ensuring that breakfast is…Read moreDate of stay: May 2015HelpfulShare Response from JWMarriottVenice, Public Relations Manager at JW Marriott Venice Resort & SpaResponded May 26, 2015Dear Nisha,  Thank you for your feedback on your recent stay. We at the JW Marriott Venice Resort & Spa strive to serve guests brilliantly, with the main goal to offer them truly memorable and personalized stays.  We are proud of our recently-opened property and to represent the first JW Marriott hotel in Italy, and we are sure you can feel this from our smiles!  For us, it is a privilege to welcome you to our magical town and simply be a part of your travel experience in Venice.   Regarding your kind note about WiFi in the rooms, please kindly note that Marriott extend it for free to all Marriott Rewards members who book directly through our Marriott channels. To become a Marriott Rewards member is really easy and can be done also online visiting our website and the program is free. We really invite you to become part of our "family" so to take advantage of many interesting dedicated offers and complimentary amenities such as free WiFi in room for all your next stays within the Marriott properties worldwide.  We also invite you to follow us in Facebook, to be updated on our latest news at the Resort;  and of course, feel free to share your memories and pictures under the hashtag #isoladellerose !  We look forward to welcoming you back in the near future. Sincerest regards,  Linda Bertoni Marketing & Communication ManagerRead more