This is a new beautiful luxury hotel using an old hospital building and its grounds. We were booked into a ‘deluxe’ room ie basic standard.  Some rough edges are inevitable in its first few months of operation, not all of which can be speedily rectified.    In the last two years, I have been fortunate to stay in a number of 5-star hotels, but haven’t written about them as they were as good as you’d expect them to be.  Notably, they all had walk-in shower cabinets.  Our JW bathroom had a shower-head attached by flexible hose, situated in the bath.  There was no seal between the shower screen (much too small) and the bath, and the wall; the shower rail is sited so that the water cascades into the bathroom.  Floods in Venice are not confined to the lagoon areas!  Eventually we used…Read moreDate of stay: May 2015HelpfulShare Response from JWMarriottVenice, Responsabile relazioni pubbliche at JW Marriott Venice Resort & SpaResponded Jun 3, 2015Dear Sir,   We would like to thank you for your feedback, as comments encourage us to improve ourselves.  We are sorry to read your concerns about some technical issues you find in your rooms; please be assured we have shared your comments within our Management and especially highlight your thoughts to our Maintenance Department.  Regarding the view from our island, Isola delle Rose is one of the rare private islands in Venice which has no walls along all its perimeter: this allow guests to fully enjoy a real 360° view towards Venice, the Lagoon and the Lido. Venice can be easily admired from the rooftop area – not only from the pool but also from the side terraces –, from some Deluxe Rooms and Junior Suites at the Hotel building, from GOCO Spa, from the gardens.   Our complimentary shuttle service runs on a frequent basis and in some periods of the day even every 15 minutes, to guarantee the maximum comfort to our guests and let them easily explore Venice, indulging in the luxury of our secluded island.   We are also happy to inform you that our summer garden pool, located in the relaxing area of our century-old park, is now open and guests can relax in a new area of the Resort.   We will take great care of your considerations and we hope to have the chance in the future to welcome you back to Venice, demonstrating that what you  kindly pointed out has to be considered as an unlucky combination of unfortunate circumstances, and not our usual routine.   We thank you and remain with our sincerest regards,  Linda Bertoni Marketing & Communication ManagerRead more