This 5 star Marriott has just opened and is far from finished. Hopefully you are not paying the prices listing on the website! Once there, you will pay the 5 star prices.  A few comments to help people looking.  First getting there. From the airport, a 10-15 minute walk to the Alilaguna boats. The service runs every 30 mins - 27 euros return. Takes 1 hour to St Marks Square. Once there, turn right and the complimentary shuttle to the JWMarriott is 25 metres away, outside the Royal gardens and well labelled. This runs every 30 minutes, mostly on the hour and 1/2 hour and takes about 20 mins.  Plus points 1 - service generally very good. 2 - The shuttle - with complimentary water and apples. Doesn't start until 9am though.  3 - the position is excellent. Great views and a lovely…Read moreDate of stay: May 2015HelpfulShare Response from JWMarriottVenice, Public Relations Manager at JW Marriott Venice Resort & SpaResponded Jun 3, 2015Dear Sir,  Thank you for taking the time to write of your experience at our property and appreciate your feedback. Although we have been experiencing some technical issues with the newly opened hotel, unfortunately this does happen in the opening and we can see daily improvements.  Our private island was totally abandoned for dozens and dozens of years before renovations started. A wide team of gardeners lovingly takes great care of our island's 40 acres, of the century-old park, of the olive groves, of all bushes, plants and trees that make unique our island; our gardeners also recently planted 300 fruit trees and all expansive herbs and vegetable gardens for our Chef, which are located just behind the Dopolavoro Dining Room. These trees and plants are still young and we know it could take some months for them to appear strong and lush, but we are aware we need to respect Nature's timings. There are also some limited areas of the island, not accessible to guests, where grounds need to be totally landscaping but we wish to highlight and reassure that these areas do not affect our guests' stays.  We are pleased to inform you that WiFi basic connection is complimentary in guestrooms for Marriott Rewards members, booking through Marriott channels. Complimentary WiFi is offered to all guests in all public areas - gardens included.  Also, we are happy to inform that we now offer breakfast included to all new reservations.  We wish to have the chance, in the future, to welcoming you back to Venice and demonstrate that what you kindly pointed out is something pleasantly solved.  Again, thank you for sharing your feedback with us and best regards,  Linda Bertoni Marketing & Communication ManagerRead more