We had heard such great things about this resort … It sounded so glamorous ... A hotel resort on its own island … A private, complimentary boat shuttle to travel to/from Venice and escape the craziness of the city … In fact, one couple we met on our cruise through the Mediterranean raved about how they never wanted to leave the resort and that we should cancel our room at the other hotel we booked in Venice (the Bauer Palazzo) and just stay there. So, that said, maybe we were going in with too high of expectations … or maybe we arrived to the resort at a bad time. Whatever the explanation, I am glad we only stayed one night at the J.W. Marriott Venice Resort and Spa.   The property of the resort is beautiful, with the most divine olive trees and landscaped gardens. The rooftop…Read moreDate of stay: September 20183 Helpful votesHelpfulShare Response from JWMarriottVenice, Front Office Manager at JW Marriott Venice Resort & SpaResponded Oct 31, 2018Dear Dawkito20,  thank you for the time dedicated to share your honest and valuable feedback in regards of your recent experience at the JW Marriott Venice.  We are glad to read that you enjoyed some aspects, such as the massage at the Goco Spa. At the same time, we regret that your overall stay did not meet and exceed your expectations. We always aim to deliver the promise of a truly unique and genuine experience to all our valued guests, and we sincerely apologize for your general disappointment. In particular, we regret to read about the inconvenience occurred at the pool and on your departure date, when the Staff mistakenly woke you up, and did not provide a valid explanations or apologize for this.There are no excuses for the issues reported, and they definitely did not match the standards and level of service that the JW Marriott Venice prouds itself to orchestrate on a daily basis. Please note that we have addressed your useful comments to all the related Heads of Departments in order to keep focusing on the trainings, making sure that these situations will not occur again. May you wish to provide us another chance, please do not hesitate to contact me directly at the following e-mail address and I will personally take care of any arrangement or special request you may have to make your stay truly enjoyable: erica.travan@jwmarriotthotels.com.  Kindest regards,  Erica Travan, Front Desk ManagerRead more