Not going to lie, this resort is amazing. It has a great view, the rooms are spacious, and the service is great.   I spent 5 nights here with my girlfriend from March 27 - April 1.   The Good:  I got a corner room so I had a spectacular view of the sea. Everyone was friendly and helpful. They all speak english so that was a plus.  They gave me a complimentary half - bottle of wine and 1 breakfast for 2.   Room for improvement:  Shuttle times - I was told there would be a shuttle every 20 minutes the island, that was not so. It is more like once every hour. Also, it is not a 24 hour service as stated on the website, the last shuttle leaves at 1:30am and does not start again until 5:00am. Also, from 5-8am in the morning, the shuttle ONLY goes to Piazzale Roma, which is on the…Read moreDate of stay: March 2015HelpfulShare Response from JWMarriottVenice, Manager at JW Marriott Venice Resort & SpaResponded Apr 15, 2015Dear Kenny,  Thank you for your detailed review;  we are happy you particularly appreciated the view from your room – corner rooms like yours have great panoramas of the lagoon!  Thank you also for your suggestions and tips;  you experienced our Resort in March, just a few days after our opening  and for the first two weeks not all services where already operational, including our shuttle service which was not as frequent as it is now. As of April 1st we have a much more frequent timetable –  during peak hours, we run  1 shuttle every 15 minutes to and from St. Mark’s Square.  The shuttle to Piazzale Roma at 6.00/7.00/8.00a.m. is an additional service  for guests departing early in the morning, needing a connection to the car terminal or the rail station in Venice for their journeys back home. On our website you can see the  full updated shuttle schedule.    Also, as of April, a Recreation Team is delivering daily activities at the Resort for adults and kids, such as jogging tours, sport matches, Sunset Tours around the Lagoon, Carnival Masks’ workshops, and our Sapori Cooking Academy is proposing daily cooking classes to discover the authentic Venetian cuisine with our Chefs.     We invite you to periodically visit our web-site and social networks to be updated with our latest news, activities, and special offers.  We hope to have the chance to welcome you back soon to our Isola delle Rose and let you experience our resort at its best!  Sincerest regards,  Daniele Botta  Director of OperationsRead more