We regularly go to Venice for few days breaks and stayed in different hotels in the city and in the Laguna.   When we heard about this new location, we were excited to discover a new place and so we spent 3 nights, less then 2 weeks after the opening, just before Easter week-end 2015.   Located in the Laguna south from San Marco, the Marriott resort is spared from the usual tourists herds you see in the city. The hotel is fully renovated and very calm. The park is amazing and the rooftop terrace and heated pool offers a great view on the Venice skyline. The staff was very friendly and helpful and our room was very elegant, contemporary and quite large.   Due to the recent opening, some venues (like the spa or the main family pool) were not accessible, which can be understood and…Read moreDate of stay: March 2015HelpfulShare Response from JWMarriottVenice, General Manager at JW Marriott Venice Resort & SpaResponded Apr 6, 2015Dear Sir,   We would like to thank you for the feedback and for having recently experienced our Resort.  We are pleased to know that you enjoyed our rooftop terrace and its dramatic view over Venice skyline and appreciated the professionalism of our attentive staff.   We would like to reassure that our water is drinkable and that we are used to offer a courtesy bottle of still water during night service, as a kind gesture appreciated by our guests, not for sanitary reasons.    Concerning the shuttle service, as from April 1st, our courtesy boat timetable is more frequent and easily connects the Resort to St. Mark’s Square on a regular basis: in some periods of the day, even every 15 minutes. The capacity of the shuttles and the time schedule have been organized and developed in order to meet and satisfy our guests’ needs and to let them indulge in the luxury of a secluded Resort, just a quick complimentary ride from the very heart of Venice.    We hope to have the chance to welcome you back soon to Venice and experience again our Resort and our Isola delle Rose. Sincerest regards,   The ManagementRead more