I’m a loyal Marriott member and card holder, I typically have exceptional experiences but not in this case. This hotel is isolated and you rely on a shuttle from the hotel to get back to the main land Venice. As a platinum elite member it’s protocol to give upgraded rooms, that did not happen.   We attempted to depart this morning for a pre booked tour but because the boat was full we couldn’t get on and it departed early.  We attempted to get a private taxi, but it would be a 45 min wait.   Upon arrival, nobody helped with our luggage getting it into the boat. I had a baby, stroller, luggage, etc, and the boat men just stood and watched us struggle loading on.  Concierge won’t exchange currency as they state they don’t do that.  We are still staying here.. optimistic that the…Read moreDate of stay: October 20181 Helpful voteHelpfulShare Response from JWMarriottVenice, Front Office Manager at JW Marriott Venice Resort & SpaResponded Oct 6, 2018Dear Stephanie M,  thank you for sharing your valuable feedback in regards of your current experience at the JW Marriott Venice.  Further to your kind inquiries addressed below, we regret to read about your actual disappointment. We value our Elite members and we always try our best to upgrade all of them to higher room categories. Unfortunately, being currently fully booked, we were unable to grant you a higher room at the time of arrival.  In regards of the foreign currency, I do confirm that unfortunately our property does not extend this type of service. However, we gladly provide an ATM machine on the Island, and of course all our outlets accept either credit cards or cash.  Reading about the shuttle boat service and luggage inconvenience, we truly apologize for the situation, since it absolutely does not represent our standards of service. We are going to investigate and take prompt action on the scenario described to make sure it will not happen again.   I invite you to contact me at any time on my direct e-mail address or to apprach the Front Desk at your ealiest convenience: erica.travan@jwmarriotthotels.com.  I would be indeed delight to meet and discuss this in person.  Looking forward to hearing back from you soon.  Sincerely,  Erica Travan, Front Desk ManagerRead more