I really wanted to love this place but would not stay here again. Here's my very honest assessment:  Pro's: -Rooms were clean -Breakfast buffet was incredible -No issues with shuttle service -Beautiful property -Highly recommend private taxi that the hotel will arrange from the airport (but expensive!)  Con's: -NOTHING to do at the hotel if the weather is bad. We had a unusual cold/rainy August day. No shopping, no cool places to hang out, they would not even let us use the general spa facilities because it was fully booked.  -My iPad was STOLEN from the room. I forgot to put it in the safe and left it on the table in our room and when we got back to the room it was gone. I told management and they said they would respond- they did not. I sent them an email to follow-up and…Read moreDate of stay: August 2018HelpfulShare Response from JWMarriottVenice, Front Office Manager at JW Marriott Venice Resort & SpaResponded Sep 24, 2018Dear Verbaltrickery,  first of all, we would like to thank you for having shared your valuable feedback in regards of your recent experience at our property. We are glad to read that your particularly appreciated the breakfast selection, the punctuality of the shuttle boat service, the cleaneliness of the room and the property itself.  At the same time, we regret that you could not enjoy any of the activities extended on our Island and off property, which could be very interesting despite from the weather conditions such as: cooking classes, Murano glass factory tour visit, Squero Tramontin visit, entrance to our stunning Goco Spa. We also apologize that the dining experience in our Michelin starred restaurant Dopolavoro did not meet and exceed your expectations, and that you did not enjoy the bikes usage. What is concerning us the most is your inquiry in regards of the missing Ipad. For this concern, I strongly invite you to contact me on my following business e-mail address to advise me about your last name, room number and details of the item. I will personally investigate with the assistance of our Loss Prevention Team, and get back to you shortly with a reply. The e-mail is: erica.travan@jwmarriotthotels.com. In the meantime, I thank you once again for your precious comments, and I wish you a pleasant day.  Kind regards,  Erica Travan, Front Desk ManagerRead more