As a last trip in Italy before we emigrate back, my wife and I decided to indulge ourselves one more time in Venice and booked a suite for two nights.  The hotel is on an island and can only be reached by boat. You either take a taxi boat, which is pretty expensive or take the hotel shuttle that goes every half hour from San Marco square. To get there, you do need to make your way through Venice with your luggage when you arrive by train. Why not have a shuttle service from the train station? It took us 2 hours.  When we arrived on the island at 20:30, staff welcomed us, but offered no luggage service and it’s not a small resort. I would have expected that for a 5-star resort. Check-in was friendly and efficient. But going to the wc downstairs I couldn’t help noticing that the…Read moreDate of stay: September 2018HelpfulShare Response from JWMarriottVenice, Front Office Manager at JW Marriott Venice Resort & SpaResponded Sep 19, 2018Dear Scotman_Holland,  thank you for submitting your honest review about your recent experience at the JW Marriott Resort & Spa. First of all, we are glad to read that you enjoyed the check-in experience, the beauty of our rooftop swimming pool and our daily buffet breakfast served in Cucina restaurant. We are also happy to know that you appreciated the courtesy of our Team members. However, we truly regret that the room features did not meet your needs and expectations, and also that the dining experience was not enjoyable, and affected your intention to dine with us on the following day. What we regret the most is that we were unable to convey the crafted and genuine JW Marriott experience, and that you did not deliver the unique and memorable experience that our Isola delle Rose is aiming to extend to all our hotel guests. May you wish to visit us again, please contact me directly on my business e-mail address and I will personally take care of any detail of your next stay, changing your overall perception of the property: erica.travan@jwmarriotthotels.com.   Sincerely,   Erica Travan, Front Desk Manager Read more