I would like to start with the only thing that made our stay at this hotel amazing. The bar and restaurant staff was amazing and very friendly. We had the luck to "catch" the same waiter several evenings in a row (his name was Teo). He was very nice, friendly and polite. The provided service was impeccable. When you have a rather poor experience in a "5 stars hotel", even the smallest thing, like a great service, can save that week.   One thing to point out in the beginning would be - if you have wasps allergy, think about this place twice before. Because the place is on a private island, a lot of wasps can be "encountered" in most of the outdoor spaces (avoid eating or having food served outside - exception would be in the evening for dinner).  We stayed at the hotel for 5…Read moreDate of stay: September 2018HelpfulShare Response from JWMarriottVenice, Front Office Manager at JW Marriott Venice Resort & SpaResponded Sep 18, 2018Dear Theeana,  thank you for submitting your honest feedback in regards of your recent experience at the JW Marriott Venice.  After reading your message carefully, it is clear to me why we failed to deliver a memorable experience and why the inconveniences experienced affected your overall perception of the property.  First of all, we are glad that you enjoyed the food and service quality, and that you particularly appreciated the breakfast buffet option delivered in our daily Cucina restaurant, as well as the beauty of the location and the room cleaneliness.  At the same time, we regret about the misunderstanding occurred during your stay in regards of the shuttle boat transportation, since during those dates, due to a private event, the shuttle service was stopped and dedicated to internal use only. However, I am glad to confirm that at the moment we are again extending a daily consistent service from and to Saint Mark's Square every thirty minutes.  Also, we would like to apologize for the disappointing departure experience, and about the fact that room features did not match your expectations and your needs. We have shared your valuable comments with all our Heads of Department and we will immediately take actions to avoid similar cases to reoccur in the future. Also, we will continue to focus on our customer service in order to deliver the finest luxury experience to all our guests.  Unfortunately we can not change your past experience now. May you decide to give us a second chance, please do not hesitate to contact us directly, and we will make sure that your next overall experience will be completely different. Please find here below my direct business e-mail address: erica.travan@jwmarriotthotels.com.  Sincerely,  Erica Travan, Front Desk ManagerRead more