My wife and I spent the last couple of days of our honeymoon at JW Marriott Venice. Overall the experience was quite underwhelming with a number of small issues which made our stay disappointing.   The hotel is quite new and modern, which feels out of place considering its location near beautiful and romantic Venice. The architecture is bland and the island feels quite sterile (interestingly, the island used to be the site of a hospital where the city used to quarantine patients with infectious diseases). The hotel doesn’t feel special and lacks charm.   The check-in process was impersonal as 90% of the discussion was about upselling us to a more expensive room (this might be normal practice for an American hotel in the US, but is out of touch with Italy). This caused the focus…Read moreDate of stay: September 20181 Helpful voteHelpfulShare Response from JWMarriottVenice, Front Office Manager at JW Marriott Venice Resort & SpaResponded Sep 8, 2018Dear Dobo R,  thank you for submitting your honest feedback about your recent stay at the JW Marriott Venice.  We are glad to read the you appreciated our Concierge Team assistance. On the contrary, we regret to know about your disappointing arrival experience and that you had the impression that the associate was merely willing to upgrade your reservation to a higher room category. Our hotel aims to deliver memorable experiences to our guests and we honestly apologize for the wrong first impression delivered at the time of check-in. We are also sorry for the inconveniences related to the shower in your room, as well as for the Housekeeping issue occurred.  Our hotel has the highest level of service, and we regret to ackowledge the fact that we could not meet and exceed your expectations, being unable to deliver the typical Italian flair that we embrace at our property. We will continue to focus on the discussed comments in order to enhance our guests' service on a daily basis. In the meantime, may you decide to give us a second opportunity, please do not hesitate to contact us directly, and we will be gladly assist you with anything you may need to make your future stay unforgettable.  Sincerely,  Erica Travan, Front Desk ManagerRead more