Pros: - service was fantastic. Every restaurant, bar, bellhop, etc. was extremely friendly and geniune, which is difficult to do right. We felt that the staff was attentive to all of our needs. We were there for our honeymoon, and both restaurants Dopolavoro and Sagra made sure to acknowledge and congratulate us with free desserts to make us feel special. - Dopolavoro restaurant was truly another level - it was one of the best meals we've had, from service, to taste, to professionalism. It was truly enjoyable. - pretty setting and a nice getaway from the hustle and bustle of tourist heavy Venice.  Cons: - getting to the property was an absolute nightmare and not worth it at all. The hotel is hard to get to, and I'm shocked there isn't a shuttle service from the parking lot/train…Read moreDate of stay: August 2018HelpfulShare Response from JWMarriottVenice, Front Office Manager at JW Marriott Venice Resort & SpaResponded Aug 28, 2018Dear Deirdre C,  thank you for your valuable feedback and for having chosen our property for your stay in Venice. We are glad to read that you particularly enjoyed the peaceful location, the staff service and our Michelin starred restaurant Dopolavoro. At the same time, we regret that you found the location uncomfortable and expensive in terms of transportation. We provide to our guest a daily complimentary shuttle service which runs every half an hour from and to St. Mark's Square and a daily morning service from the hotel to Piazzale Roma, a few meters away from Santa Lucia train station.  We are also sorry that you found our external areas not well maintained, as well as the room cleanliness issue you experienced, and the disturbing mosquitos presence. In addition, we are very surprised that you did not enjoy the food quality of our Cucina restaurant, since our guests usually enjoy a lot our daily breakfast. We have addressed your valuable comments with our related Heads of Department to start working on the points highlighted in order to enhance our guests' experience on a daily basis.  May you choose to visit us back in the future, please do not hesitate to contact me directly and I will be delighted to take care of any possible request you may have. My direct e-mail address is the following: erica.travan.@jwmarriotthotels.com. Kind regards,  Erica Travan, Front Desk Manager  Read more