My second visit here in four years. The first I came with my wife when the resort first opened and was impressed enough to come again for a second time this year and bring my three young kids with us.  We had to stay in the only suite which could comfortably accommodate the five of us, a maisonette outside the main building approximately 100m from the reception and main facilities.   All in all there is no question that the staff, facilities and service in general is of a standard anyone accustomed to staying in a 5 star resort would expect, however my main feedback to the management would be the slightly disappointing feeling we felt once we had paid the €625pernight to find that practically every facility in the resort came at an extra charge.   We had booked this resort…Read moreDate of stay: July 20181 Helpful voteHelpfulShare Response from JWMarriottVenice, Front Office Manager at JW Marriott Venice Resort & SpaResponded Jul 27, 2018Dear dranandusingh,  First of all, we would like to thank you for taking the timing to provide us your feedback. At the same time we would like to apologize for being unable to fully meet and exceed your expectations towards this recent stay with us.  In particular, we are pleased to read that you appreciated the facilities and customer care skills of our Team members. At the same time, on the contrary, we are truly sorry that you felt that the additional services and facilities not included in your booking were too pricey and that you found dissatisfied the fact that some services are extended with an additional fee.  Our Resort aims to provide a large choise of crafted activities designed to different target of guests, and this is the reason why some services can be added to the booking at a later stage and during the stay.  May you decide to visit us again in the future, please do not hesitate to contact me directly and I will personally make sure that your stay will be perfect from the beginning till the end.  Kindest regards, Erica Travan, Front Desk ManagerRead more