Our stay got off to a great start.  We were in touch with the hotel before we arrived and the concierge was very helpful, booking restaurants and also booking a private water taxi from the airport to the hotel.  This was our first time in Venice and we loved taking the boat from the airport directly into the hotel registration area.  As they said, it had a James Bond feel to it :)  My Marriott Platinum status was recognized at check in and we were upgraded to a very nice suite in the main hotel.  The room was spacious, clean and modern.  So far, so good.  Negatives: 1. We had dinner on our first night at Sagra, the hotel's rooftop restaurant.  It was expensive (cover charge of US$10 per person).  The food was fair.  The service was very slow.  But what ruined the evening were…Read moreDate of stay: July 20182 Helpful votesHelpfulShare Response from JWMarriottVenice, Front Office Manager at JW Marriott Venice Resort & SpaResponded Jul 15, 2018Dear Mr. Anthony H,  warm greetings from JW Marriott Venice Team.  First of all, we would like to thank you for taking the time to provide us with your feedback.  At the same time, we wish to apologize for the inconvenience that you experienced.    We assure you Marriott Rewards members are truly important to us.  We pride ourselves to be one of the most requested destinations among members redeeming points.  Our focus at Marriott is always to create a memorable experience to all our guests and our loyal Elite members are our first priority.  We apologize if the facilities and the location of the property did not meet your expectations. Our guests usually appreciate the comfort and the beauty of being on a private Island located twenty minutes away from the heart of Venice, which is connected by a regular shuttle boat service.  The satisfaction of our guests is our highest priority so we welcome you to contact us directly to discuss your experience in more detail. Please find here below my business e-mail address: erica.travan@jwmarriotthotels.com.   Sincerely,  Erica Travan, Front Desk ManagerRead more