For the most part, we enjoyed our three-day stay. The staff is genial and helpful, the grounds are beautiful and the water taxis arrive and leave promptly. BUT, and this is a big BUT: We had booked months in advance for the showcase Fiola restaurant, only to be informed shortly before our arrival that it was closing for "the season." Why accept reservations if you know you'll be closing? (I'm a guy who lives to eat; this lapse was a big deal for us.) The rooftop restaurant serves ordinary tourist fare. Don't bother with anything but a drink and the view there. Unfortunately, we had an early-morning departure and someone forgot our wake-up call -- not good! When I mentioned it to the front desk, the receptionist apologized but acted like it was no big deal. Wake-up calls ARE a…Read moreDate of stay: October 2019HelpfulShare Response from AndreaVieites, Rooms Division Manager  at JW Marriott Venice Resort & SpaResponded Oct 25, 2019Dear Mr TomSietsema,  We would like to thank you for sharing your impressions with us, and we apologize for any inconvenience occurred during your stay.  In particular, we are sorry to read you were very much looking forward to experience our Fiola at Dopolavoro Venezia, which is a seasonal outlet opening in April and closing at the end of September each year.  For some technical reasons, this was highlighted into our web-site but most unfortunately not perfectly reflected in the booking system.    We agree also with you – wake-up calls are big deals and we usually have great care about these requests – and again, we wish to apologize if we have somehow failed with your expectations.   Please rest assured that, for the future, we will make sure that inconveniences such as these ones will never happen again.  Kindly do not consider what you have highlighted as our usual routine, but as an unfortunate combination of unusual circumstances.  Please accept our sincere apologies for not meeting your expectations and hopefully one day you will return to our unique and amazing property to allow us to regain your confidence.  Sincerest regards,  Andrea Vieites Rooms Division Manager JW Marriott Venice Resort & Spa Read more