    Overpriced hotel, not worth the money, poor maintenance and cheap furniture. If you are looking for a 5 stars luxury hotel, this is not the place! When you book a five stars hotel for 500 euro/night you want to feel special, we didn't feel that way. Inside the hotel when we arrived Teresa Kouzuki from the front desk was rude and had a superior attitude to us. Sara from the family pool didn't bothered to help us with anything, she act like we weren't there and when i ask her to help me with the sun umbrella, she looked at me like i was disturbing her. They didn't let me to smoke a cigar at the pool, i understand that, but they didn't let me smoke on the terrace bar beside the pool too, instead they give me permission to go at the end of the island to smoke, were i was alone,…Read moreDate of stay: June 2018HelpfulShare Response from JWMarriottVenice, Manager at JW Marriott Venice Resort & SpaResponded Jun 27, 2018Dear Rogobete M,  Thank you for taking the time to share your valuable feedback. My name is Carlos Arpal and I am the Director of Rooms at the JW Marriott Venice Resort & Spa. It has come to my attention that the service you received during your recent stay did not meet your expectations. For this, I sincerely apologize.  The experience you described is not characteristic of the level of service we provide. I was very concerned to learn that some members of our staff were not accommodating and kind to you. As a JW Marriott property, we have very high standards for service and all interactions our associates have with our guests should be directed towards making guests feel valued. Needless to say that I will address this matter and will make sure that this does not occur to any further guest.  Once again, I apologize for the disappointment and I hope that in the future we will be able to serve you again and leave a different impression on you. Should you ever visit Venice again, please do not hesitate to contact me.  Sincerely, Carlos Arpal - Director of RoomsRead more