We stayed there in April this year.   As everyone knows, the hotel is in an island 10 minutes from San Marco Square. To get there there are schedule transfers or you can pay a water taxi. The problem is that they are always full and it seems that cannot control and count the amount of people in the hotel to have extra transfers during peak hours. In the morning one had to make a big line to get out of the hotel. It was terrible.   The hotel itself is pretty. Modern, new.   I´m not a fan of the front desk design, I prefer something more classic, but still works.   The room was very big, comfy bed and bathroom.   The bar and pool bar have an amazing view but the attention was terrible, they were so slow... really, really bad. The restaurant inside the hotel was not very good also,…Read moreDate of stay: April 2017HelpfulShare Response from JWMarriottVenice, Director of Rooms at JW Marriott Venice Resort & SpaResponded Mar 7, 2018Dear Cramond07,  Thank you for taking the time to write a review. We are sorry to hear that you were disappointed with aspects of your stay with us.  Our property is unique in the sense that it is located on its own private island, which is only a short boat ride away from San Marco Square. Many of our guests tell us that they really enjoy the combination of accessibility to Venice and peace and seclusion that our hotel offers after a full day of sightseeing.   You might be interested to hear that since the 10th of June, we have added a new complimentary shuttle service to Piazzale Roma which is located 2 minutes walking distance to the train station and 2 minutes away to the bus station that takes you to the airport. The service runs from 6am until 11am, on the hour and is one way only.  Having said this, the satisfaction of our guests is our highest priority so we thank you for sharing your concerns. I have spoken to the relevant teams about the issues you mentioned and we are working towards ensuring that these do not occur again in the future.  Kind regards, Carlos Arpal Director of RoomsRead more