my wife and I had a wonderful time at this hotel for our 10th anniversary this year. I used Marriott points to pay for the rooms, and as a Gold member, I was upgraded to a junior suite at the hotel.  The staff was very helpful and accommodating and the room was a great size and very comfortable. The JW sits on a private island just off the coast of Venice which makes for a very quiet experience.  Our balcony overlooked the grounds/ gardens and it was a nice respite from the hustle of Venice.  The hotel also has an amazing infinity pool on its roof with beautiful views of Venice. We also had a great time having a special anniversary dinner at the rooftop restaurant. The servers were open to every request and we had a wonderful time. I actually planned that dinner prior to…Read moreDate of stay: August 2017HelpfulShare Response from JWMarriottVenice, General Manager at JW Marriott Venice Resort & SpaResponded Nov 10, 2017Dear Matt F, thank you for taking the time to write a review. We are delighted to hear that you and your wife enjoyed celebrating your 10th wedding anniversary with us at our magical Isola delle Rose. We appreciate your generous comments about our helpful and accommodating staff, comfortable rooms, quiet atmosphere and beautiful views.  I hope you had the chance to check out our GOCO Spa. It is such a wonderful experience and you can spend a whole day there getting pampered and enjoying the mesmerizing views of the Lagoon. Our spa – the largest in Venice – also features a spectacular Himalayan Salt Wall, which not only adds an earthy and tranquil beauty to the space but also promotes cleaner and fresher air through its natural purifying abilities. This in turn has a number of health benefits such as better digestion and sleep as well as positive effects on emotional wellbeing. We always encourage our guests to visit our spa after a busy day in Venice to relax and unwind.   Thank you for choosing the JW Marriott Venice and we hope to welcome you back again soon.  All the best, Enrique Tasende, General Manager Read more