My wife and I spent three nights at the JW Marriott Venice in early September and very much enjoyed our stay. The resort is on its own island, which is great in many respects but has a few drawbacks. The property is immaculate and has the best service we experienced in Italy - there is an abundance of staff, who are all very friendly and helpful. On the downside, the hotel lacks the historic quality of most other hotels in Venice (though the rooms are spacious and modern), and it's about 30 min by complimentary shuttle to Piazza San Marco, which can make dinner plans in the city more complicated. That said, both dinner restaurants on the property are excellent. We stayed in a first floor room in L’Uliveto, which is a separate building and included a private patio. The room was…Read moreDate of stay: September 2017HelpfulShare Response from JWMarriottVenice, General Manager at JW Marriott Venice Resort & SpaResponded Sep 22, 2017Dear Johnston O, thank you for your detailed review. We appreciate your kind comments about our immaculate property, friendly and helpful staff, excellent restaurants, comfortable rooms and fantastic views.  I have noticed that many guests plan a trip to Venice for only a few nights, but the feedback I have received from all of them afterwards is that they wished they stayed longer. Our guests are pleasantly surprised by the many activities that we have as well as our amazing facilities, such as the GOCO Spa. We always encourage our guests to book a longer stay – at least four or five nights so that they can experience all the wonderful things that we offer.  With regards to you comments about our Wi-Fi, we always encourage our guests to become a Marriott Rewards member so that they have access to complimentary Wi-Fi access in our rooms. Plus it is a great opportunity to get points for your stay.  Thank you for choosing the JW Marriott Venice and we hope to welcome you back again soon.  All the best, Enrique Tasende, General Manager Read more