Spent the day at the pool when we got back to the room I thought it very unusual that my clothes that were draped over my open case when I left were now folded and in my case and my case was now closed. I've never had housemaids touch anything in my luggage. Later that evening when going out I went to brush my hair everything that was in the carry bag was gone, GHD (hair straightener) hairspray, rollers, adapters, hairbrushes and other things. I contacted concierge and they sent housekeeping to speak with us, after apologising I was told the rubbish had been taken off the island as we all agreed that housekeeping had thrown my bag in the rubbish. It was then handed over to loss prevention and I must say they are absolutely hopeless. We were leaving for our cruise the next day I…Read moreDate of stay: September 2017HelpfulShare Response from JWMarriottVenice, General Manager at JW Marriott Venice Resort & SpaResponded Sep 11, 2017Dear balloch10, thank you for taking the time to write a review. We appreciate your kind words about our lovely resort and nice breakfast. However, I am very sorry to hear about the concerns you expressed regarding your last stay with us.   We have thoroughly investigated the matter, but our efforts have not led to the recovery of your items, nor uncovered any evidence indicating the cause of your loss. Under these circumstances, we have no alternative but to disclaim liability for the loss you sustained, since there is no evidence to indicate that your loss resulted from the negligence of the hotel.   I realize that you are far more interested in a recovery than in an explanation or an apology, but in view of the circumstances with which we are both familiar, the hotel is unable to compensate you for the loss you experienced.   We have enjoyed your patronage in the past, and we hope to serve you again in the future. Thank you again for bringing this matter to my attention, and if you have any questions with regard to the position we are required to take in this matter, please do not hesitate to contact me.   Sincerely, Enrique Tasende, General ManagerRead more