I recently stayed at the JW in Venice with my family. Happily booked the place after looking at so many positive reviews.   Pros  -Private ferry taking us to St Marks Square every 30 minutes.  -They have a lavish breakfast buffet.   Cons  -NO COMMUNICATION None of their intercoms(phones) work. We complained about this at least 10 times, after a while they upgraded our room. Even their, the intercom didn't work.   -BAD Room service - Although I have to agree that the taste of the food was good. But by the time they serve the food to you - its cold. After eating, no one comes for collection of the utensils. No matter how many times you try. BAD SERVICE.   -PAID WIFI Venice was our last destination in Italy after Naples, Capri, Florence and Milan. This was the first hotel that had…Read moreDate of stay: August 20171 Helpful voteHelpfulShare Response from JWMarriottVenice, General Manager at JW Marriott Venice Resort & SpaResponded Aug 16, 2017Dear aanchal g, thank you for taking the time to write a review. We are very sorry to hear that there were aspects of your stay that you found disappointing.   With regards to your comments about bed bugs, we take feedback such as this very seriously. It may comfort you to know that we have consulted with a professional pest control company and they have verified that there were no bed bugs in your room. We have not had any previous such incidents and are happy to confirm that no similar reports have been made since your departure. You mentioned that there were a large number of mosquitos present when you were dining at our rooftop restaurant. We are very sorry to hear about this inconvenience. However, it is perhaps possible that the bites you received are linked to the unfortunate mosquito situation.   The satisfaction of our guests is our highest priority so I welcome you to contact our Front of House Manager, Carlos Arpal, to discuss your experience in more detail. You can email him on info.venice@jwmarriotthotels.com.    All the best, Enrique Tasende, General ManagerRead more