Spectacular setting on own private island, including amazing rooftop pool, & lovely feel and smell walking through front doors, but too many basics overlooked for a 5 star resort.  My biggest complaint was the shower area. Firstly the grout was discoloured and appeared dirty in areas, & secondly there is not shelf to place products on! No soap holder, no where for shampoo & conditioner etc, which means you are having to constantly pick up off floor. The pillows are also filled with feathers, and offer no support. I did get 2 firmer pillows delivered to room, but they weren’t much better. Breakfast is also an additional cost and at 35 euros per person is ridiculous & should be included.Read moreDate of stay: August 2019HelpfulShare Response from JWMarriottVenice, Front Office Manager at JW Marriott Venice Resort & SpaResponded Aug 26, 2019Dear SallyMelb,  thank you for sharing your valued feedback in regards of your recent experience with us. We are glad that you enjoyed the location and the beautiful rooftop pool and view.  At the same time, we regret that your room shower caused you discomfort and did not meet your expectations, as well as the pillows delivered.  At the JW Marriott Venice we do offer a pillow choice menu with different types of pillows available according to our guests' preference, and we regret we were not able to identify the most suitable one for your rest.  In regards of the shower inconvenience, we have reported your constructive comments with our Engineering and Housekeeping Team aiming to improve the setting and increase the comfort.  Further to your breakfast inquiry, we do have rates which are room only or breakfast included, and this is specifically done with the purpose to increase our guests' satisfaction and ability to customize their stay. May some guests not like to enjoy the full buffet breakfast, they also have the possibility to enjoy breakfast a la carte, at our Dispensa Delicatessen or in the intimacy of their room with the room service. We thank you once again for your feedback, and we hope to welcoming you back again in the nearest future.  Kindest regards,  Erica Travan Front Office Manager Erica.travan@jwmarriotthotels.comRead more