I visited the resort with my partner to celebrate our engagement. Very easy to get to from San Marco pier, once we had caught the water bus from Marco Polo airport. The pier itself is centrally located next the San Marco Square.  We were upgraded upon arrival to the Junior Suite, we couldn't of asked more from a room. Very spacious, clean and comfortable. However, when we arrived we were given the option to upgrade to the Junior suite for €100 for the duration of our stay, or we could of paid €200 for the same period for a two floored room with a private garden. After declining we were upgraded to the Junior Suite free of charge. So I would risk it and save the money by declining to pay.  Then breakfast was amazing, large buffet all cooked fresh, with a very large choice of…Read moreDate of stay: July 2017HelpfulShare Response from JWMarriottVenice, General Manager at JW Marriott Venice Resort & SpaResponded Aug 6, 2017Dear Luke M, thank you for taking the time to write a review. We appreciate your kind comments about our spacious and comfortable rooms, amazing breakfast, beautiful rooftop pool and caring and attentive staff.  We hope that you were able to check out Dispensa during your stay with us. One of the best things of living in Italy is being able to travel its amazing cities and visit their local markets. The inspiration behind our new concept for Dispensa was our desire to bring all the wonderful and traditional products that you would find in any Italian regional market to our guests. We offer a mouthwatering and affordable selection of salami, prosciutto, cheeses and other delicious delicacies from all over Italy. We also feature our own Olive Oil, made from the olive trees that grow on our property. These can be purchased in convenient travel size bottles so that guests can bring home a unique memento of their stay with us.  Thank you for recommending us and we hope to welcome you back again soon.  All the best, Enrique Tasende, General Manager Read more