We have previously stayed at the Gritti Palace and the Cipriani to celebrate milestone wedding anniversaries. This year we thought we’d try the Marriott. It all started well with helpful staff and beautiful facilities.  Slightly odd bathroom with no towel rails in sight so we were constantly draping damp towels over doors. And despite there being enough room there was only 1 sink.  But things went really downhill when we tried to check out. We had used the spa and had been charged the higher rate for use before 4pm when we’d clearly booked for 4pm onwards. We explained all this to the reception staff who seemed to have very little idea about the charges for their own spa. We wanted to spend the morning in Venice so left the issue of being overcharged with them to resolve.  We…Read moreDate of stay: August 20192 Helpful votesHelpfulShare Response from JWMarriottVenice, Front Office Manager at JW Marriott Venice Resort & SpaResponded Aug 22, 2019Dear Karen F,  first of all, we would like to thank you for choosing us during your recent stay in Venice, and for sharing your valued feedback about your experience at our JW Marriott Venice. The scenario described makes it very clear why your overall score and satisfaction is set so low at the moment. We truly understand that the Spa charge inconvenience and the frustrating check-out left a bad taste in your mouth prior to your departure, even thou the farewell moment should be the last opportunity for us to leave a remarkable flair within the guest's impression and memories. Unfortunately, a small misunderstanding with the Spa reception brought to this billing review inconvenience, and we apologize again for falling short in delivering a smooth, quick and efficient check-out moment. Our front desk associate was actually willing to solve the situation prior to your departure, and this is why the person checked again with the Spa reception. However, we understand that we did not find the suitable timing for it, and did not respect your precious vacation time.  In regards of the final bill settlement, we can personally assure you that the inconvenience occurred must be referred only to a pure human mistake and definitely not to the intention to overcharge your card. We will of course continue to train our associates to be efficient and up to our highest JW Marriott standards in terms of procedures and customer care, in order to prevent similar unpleasant future cases. Once again, we would like to apologize for the disappointing inconvenience, and we hope to welcoming you back again in the nearest future.  Kindest regards,  Erica Travan Front Office Manager Erica.travan@jwmarriotthotels.comRead more