We stayed at the Marriot twice last week and unfortunately we had a very negative experience both times.  The property itself - an island in the Venice lagoon - is a great proposition although the extensive gardens are not being properly maintained.  However the service experience was very disappointing.  For example:  1) the check in desk was very disorganised.  People were jumping the queue, staff stopped working with one customer to consult on another customer at check in leading to further delays, check in staff "disappearing" into the back office for 10+ minutes. Meanwhile "greeters" were walking around apologising for the delay 2) we finally got to the room and turned on the kettle to make a coffee and all the power in the room blew. Waited for an electician to arrive and…Read moreDate of stay: August 20191 Helpful voteHelpfulShare Response from JWMarriottVenice, Front Office Manager at JW Marriott Venice Resort & SpaResponded Aug 19, 2019Dear JohnCareyUK,  thank you for sharing your precious and constructive feedback about your recent visits at our JW Marriott Venice. From the comments listed below, it is clear why we did not succeed to meet and exceed your overall expectations and the reason behind from general disappointment in terms of service, and we sincerely apologize for this.  From the arrival to the departure moment, the different inconveniences faced, also related to one of your dinners, left a bad taste in your memories, and we have no excuses for falling short in delivering the finest level of service we do provide in all our JW Marriott properties worldwide.  We have shared your comments with the Hotel Management Team in order to revise some procedures and to focus on daily trainings of our associates to reduce long waiting time, and to create smooth and genuine customer care moments. We do understand that we are currently unable to go back and change your overall perception of your latest visit. However, may you decide to give us another opportunity in the future, please do not hesitate to contact us directly, and we will make sure that your next stay will be truly special, from the beginning till the end, by taking care also of any special request you may have prior to your arrival.   Best regards,   Erica Travan  Front Office Manager Erica.travan@jwmarriotthotels.comRead more