Highly recommended! Beautiful place in all aspects, a true aesthetic experience. And a real relief from the crowds in Venice... Shuttle service to and from San Marco square is efficient and takes only twenty minutes each way. Excellent service and delicious food (although a bit expensive) in all three hotel restaurants that we had a chance to eat in (Dopo Lavoro, Giardino and Sagra). Breakfast at Cucina is also worth it. Don't miss the infinity pool at the roof top, you will get incredible views. By the way, the hotel has the infinity pool with a quite and exclusive experience (adult-oriented) and a separate one in the gardens for families and kids (with lots of activities for kids to have fun). Very convenient! I haven't used the spa but the fitness room and sauna are…Read moreDate of stay: July 2017HelpfulShare Response from JWMarriottVenice, General Manager at JW Marriott Venice Resort & SpaResponded Jul 17, 2017Dear Megalopic, thanks for your review. We are grateful for your kind comments about our efficient shuttle service, excellent customer service, delicious food, incredible views and fantastic facilities.  We hope that you were able to check out Dispensa during your stay with us. One of the best things of living in Italy is being able to travel its amazing cities and visit their local markets. The inspiration behind our new concept for Dispensa was our desire to bring all the wonderful and traditional products that you would find in any Italian regional market to our guests. We offer a mouthwatering and affordable selection of salami, prosciutto, cheeses and other delicious delicacies from all over Italy. We also feature our own Olive Oil, made from the olive trees that grow on our property. These can be purchased in convenient travel size bottles so that guests can bring home a unique memento of their stay with us.  Thank you for choosing the JW Marriott Venice and we hope to welcome you back again soon.  All the best, Enrique Tasende, General Manager Read more