We had an average experience here. I would choose a different hotel next time.   Arrival: Do not take the hotel shuttle when you first arrive. Arrange for a taxi, because when you reach the hotel dock you must drag your luggage up a ramp (or stairs in our case because the ramp was packed with people waiting for the shuttle) and across a courtyard to get to the hotel's entrance where there are more stairs. The experience they advertise is of a taxi arriving at the special dock, not the giant water bus parking at the dock half a block from the hotel. I was nervous about taking a taxi since smaller motor boats can give me motion sickness, but I should've risked it. I only saw bags being taken care of at the dock a couple of times, most often people just looked around and then…Read moreDate of stay: July 2017HelpfulShare Response from JWMarriottVenice, General Manager at JW Marriott Venice Resort & SpaResponded Jul 8, 2017Dear KatieCole, thank you for your review. We appreciate your kind words about our friendly and attentive staff.  However, I am sorry to hear that there were aspects of your stay that you felt warranted improvement. Did you have the chance to dine at our Michelin-starred restaurant Dopolavoro? Guests are very welcome to order from the a la carte menu. The Restaurant Manager, Marco, is more than happy to advise you based on the kind of culinary experience that you want – whether that be a 10-course tasting menu or a bistro experience (appetizer, main and dessert); you will have an unforgettable five-star experience.  You also might be interested to hear that since the 10th of June, we have added a new complimentary shuttle service to Piazzale Roma which is located 2 minutes walking distance to the Train Station and 2 minutes away to the bus station that takes you to the airport. The service runs from 6am until 11am, on the hour and is one way only.  The satisfaction of our guests is our highest priority so I welcome you to contact our Front of House Manager, Carlos Arpal, if you would like to discuss your experience in more detail. You can email him on info.venice@jwmarriotthotels.com.  All the best, Enrique Tasende, General Manager Read more