Stayed at JWs across the world but this one is the worst.  Getting there is a nightmare as their free shuttle only runs from St Marc's Sq. So if you're flying in or coming by ferry, you'll need shell out €120 to get a private taxi to get you there. Their shuttles run from 8:30 am to 12:30 am- every 30 min, so if your flight is early in the morning, you'll be stuck with another €120 to get to the airport.  They'll try to sell you an upgrade on check in irrespective of your status "We don't have any free upgrades, but a junior suite is available for €200 more per night".   It's a resort- so don't expect the typical benefits of a lounge or complimentary breakfast either. It's €30 pp.   Rooms are the usual - the one we had had issues with drainage in the bathroom. The sinks couldn't…Read moreDate of stay: July 2017HelpfulShare Response from JWMarriottVenice, General Manager at JW Marriott Venice Resort & SpaResponded Jul 8, 2017Dear Pacfan, thank you for taking the time to write a review. We are sorry to hear that you were disappointed with aspects of your stay with us.  Our property is unique in the sense that it is located on its own private island, which is only a short boat ride away from San Marco Square. Many of our guests tell us that they really enjoy the combination of accessibility to Venice and peace and seclusion that our hotel offers after a full day of sightseeing.   We believe that our tranquil location is one of our strongest assets as well as our first-class facilities such as our GOCO Spa (the largest in Venice) and our Michelin-starred restaurant, Dopolavoro. Being able to provide this oasis of calm is what makes us special and why many of our guests who are frequent visitors of Venice decide to stay with us time and time again.  You might be interested to hear that since the 10th of June, we have added a new complimentary shuttle service to Piazzale Roma which is located 2 minutes walking distance to the train station and 2 minutes away to the bus station that takes you to the airport. The service runs from 6am until 11am, on the hour and is one way only.  Having said this, the satisfaction of our guests is our highest priority so we thank you for sharing your concerns about your room – I have spoken to the relevant teams about the issues you mentioned and we are working towards ensuring that these do not occur again in the future.  I welcome you to contact our Front of House Manager, Carlos Arpal, if you would like to discuss your experience in more detail. You can email him on info.venice@jwmarriotthotels.com.  All the best, Enrique Tasende, General ManagerRead more