This was my second time returning to Venice. I stayed at the Isola delle Rose/JW Marriott for 5 days and check out tomorrow. We stayed in Paris for 6 days before arriving here and I feel as if I have spent the past 5 days in paradise. The hotel staff, including Holden and Pep, were delightful.  Holden made sure our arrival was seamless, assisted me with the information I needed for my stay, and was professional, knowledgable, and kind.  Our room was not ready (we arrived very early) and we were upgraded to an incredible room overlooking the grounds , church and water.  We waited upstairs on the rooftop deck and Viktor was the first to greet us. He made us feel welcome, served us drinks as we soaked in the 360 degree view. The blue water and sky complemented the beautiful white…Read moreDate of stay: June 2017HelpfulShare Response from JWMarriottVenice, General Manager at JW Marriott Venice Resort & SpaResponded Jun 21, 2017Dear lisaabiasmith, thank you for your glowing review. We appreciate your generous comments about our delightful staff, incredible rooms and five-star food.  We hope that you were able to check out Dispensa during your stay with us. One of the best things of living in Italy is being able to travel its amazing cities and visit their local markets. The inspiration behind our new concept for Dispensa was our desire to bring all the wonderful and traditional products that you would find in any Italian regional market to our guests. We offer a mouthwatering and affordable selection of salami, prosciutto, cheeses and other delicious delicacies from all over Italy. I am also glad to hear that you purchased our Olive Oil, made from the olive trees that grow on our property. As you know, these can be purchased in convenient travel size bottles so that guests can bring home a unique memento of their stay with us.  Thank you for choosing the JW Marriott Venice and we hope to welcome you back again soon.  All the best, Enrique Tasende, General Manager Read more