My mother is 72 years out with limited mobility... She has never traveled to Europe and I wanted to show her Venice and Paris before she got any older. The JW Marriott was the perfect, PERFECT place for our trip.  I booked a room with two twin beds for 5 nights (160K points - 5th night was free). We stayed in room 152 - an accessible room for wheelchairs. In fact, we had the luxury of two full bathrooms (one standard and one was accessible). The room also had a small Juliette balcony overlooking the back gardens.  We were very tired and jet-lagged the first day... I can't imagine how so many people come to this resort for one night. In my opinion, you will be cheated if you spend less than 3 nights at this property. There is so much to see and do (3 pools, 4+ restaurants,…Read moreDate of stay: June 2017HelpfulShare Response from JWMarriottVenice, General Manager at JW Marriott Venice Resort & SpaResponded Jun 12, 2017Dear PortlandWelt, thank you for your detailed review. We are delighted that you and your mother enjoyed your stay at our magical Isola delle Rose. We really appreciate your generous comments about our extraordinary staff, relaxing atmosphere and delicious food.  With regards to your comments about an early shuttle service, you will be interested to know that starting on June 10th of this year we have incorporated six complimentary shuttles from our resort to Piazzale Roma for those customers who need to leave the resort early in the morning. Once in Piazzale Roma customers can easily reach the airport by taxi/bus or just walk a few steps to the Venice train station. They can even take a morning walk to explore Venice as well. This shuttle is complimentary and it operates on a first come first serve basis. Please note that there is no service from Piazzale Roma to the JW Marriott Venice as well as from the resort to Piazzale Roma in the afternoon. On a side note the shuttle which operates between our resort and San Marco continues to operate on its regular schedule.  Thank you for recommending us and we hope to welcome you back again soon!  All the best, Enrique Tasende, General Manager Read more