Having been to Venice several times before we were looking for a quiet retreat that was close to the centre of town.  We found this at the JW Marriott on an island, Isola Delle Rosa, in the lagoon. We arrived by water taxi into the spectacular entrance where the concierge immediately recognised that we had booked a room in the Residence, a small unit of rooms located in the grounds of the hotel.  He showed us to the special villa reception where we were warmly welcomed by the villa reception staff.  Checking in was very easy.  Our room was exceptional, beautifully furnished with all the amenities we expect from a 5 star hotel. The room also had a small, well maintained, private garden with decking and sun loungers. chairs and a table - a perfectly quiet retreat.  The hotel have…Read moreDate of stay: May 2017HelpfulShare Response from JWMarriottVenice, General Manager at JW Marriott Venice Resort & SpaResponded Jun 7, 2017Dear Mike1331_13, thank you for your review. We appreciate your generous comments about our exceptional and beautifully furnished rooms, well-maintained grounds, relaxing rooftop pool, incredible views and wonderful staff.  We hope that you were able to check out Dispensa during your stay with us. One of the best things of living in Italy is being able to travel its amazing cities and visit their local markets. The inspiration behind our new concept for Dispensa was our desire to bring all the wonderful and traditional products that you would find in any Italian regional market to our guests. We offer a mouthwatering and affordable selection of salami, prosciutto, cheeses and other delicious delicacies from all over Italy. We also feature our own Olive Oil, made from the olive trees that grow on our property. These can be purchased in convenient travel size bottles so that guests can bring home a unique memento of their stay with us.  Thank you for choosing the JW Marriott Venice and we hope to welcome you back again soon.  All the best, Enrique Tasende, General Manager Read more