The images of this property along with the exclusive location sounded very appealing. The reality was far different.   Location Expectation - You arrive at the James Bond 007 dock prominently displayed in the resort's photos on a private island sounds very appealing.   Location Reality: the island is actually quite far from the mainland (20 - 30 minutes by their shuttle). The boats leave every thirty minutes, and they only fit 39 guests. That means if you don't come in advance during peak hours, you may have to wait for the next boat making the real travel time closer to one hour each way. Constantly planning your schedule around the boat is anything by relaxing. Moreover, from our room which faced Venice, you can't see much. You are definitely, not surrounded by the Venetian…Read moreDate of stay: May 2017HelpfulShare Response from JWMarriottVenice, General Manager at JW Marriott Venice Resort & SpaResponded Jun 3, 2017Dear Pilseung81, thank you for taking the time to write a review. We are very sorry to hear that there were some aspects of your stay that you felt warranted improvement. It is true - our property is unique in the sense that it is located on its own private island, which is only a short boat ride away from San Marco Square. Many of our guests tell us that they really enjoy the combination of accessibility to Venice and peace and seclusion that our hotel offers after a full day of sightseeing.   We believe that our tranquil location is one of our strongest assets as well as our first-class facilities such as our GOCO Spa (the largest in Venice) and our Michelin-starred restaurant, Dopolavoro. Being able to provide this oasis of calm is what makes us special and why many of our guests who are frequent visitors of Venice decide to stay with us time and time again.  The satisfaction of our guests is our highest priority so I welcome you to contact our Director of Room Operations, Anna Gutova, if you would like to discuss your experience in more detail. You can email her on info.venice@jwmarriotthotels.com.  All the best, Enrique Tasende, General Manager Read more