My husband & I chose this hotel primarily because we had such an exceptional experience @ the J.W. Marriott in Quito last year which I reviewed on Trip Advisor; Regent Cruises also booked their guests here, so we followed. Such a shock & utter disappointment!  We were put into a tiny broom closet-sized room, rather than the deluxe king size room with lagoon view we prepaid for. When we asked for a nicer room, the clerk tried to upsell us a villa for 400 Euros more per night. Because of the terrible heat & 25 minutes boat ride back to Venice, we felt compelled, as most of our tired jet-lagged ship mates, to eat meals here. They were absolutely awful & overpriced ; service is non-existent as the hotel hires completely untrained students from a school of hospitality based in…Read moreDate of stay: May 2017HelpfulShare Response from JWMarriottVenice, General Manager at JW Marriott Venice Resort & SpaResponded Jun 2, 2017Dear ggbene, thank you for taking the time to write a review. I am very sorry to hear that there were some aspects of your stay with us that you felt warranted improvement.   With regards to your comments about your dining experience, I apologize that we did not meet your expectations. But it is my understanding that the Manger on Duty, the Executive Chef as well as our Director of Food & Beverage spoke to you during your stay about your feedback and offered their assistance.   In addition, with regards to your comments about our younger employees, we strongly support trainees within the hospitality industry, which is common practice. In fact, our trainees represent only 10% of our labor force. While you may have interacted with a trainee from Romania, you may be interested to hear that we also have trainees from Italy, Spain, United States and other places. Finally, most of the Associates who are commended on TripAdvisor for providing great customer service are actually trainees.   I encourage you to contact Jan Juschtzak, our Director of Food & Beverage, as he provided you his business card upon check-out if you would like to discuss your experience in more detail. You can email him on jan.juschtzak@jwmarriotthotels.com.  All the best, Enrique Tasende, General Manager Read more