The resort is absolutely stunning. Design by Matheo Thun is chic, reduced to the max and truly calming. Service is extremely accommodating and genuinely friendly throughout the resort even tough it shows at times that not all associates seem to have the same training standard (quite evident at breakfast, where service consistency is somewhat lacking at times...e.g. 2nd service of coffee, busing of used dishes, replenishment of buffet). The only drawback is that recognition of status is almost unheard of. Whilst I do understand that it is a resort with it's own set of terms & conditions, such as no guaranteed late check out, it seems somewhat petty minded to decline a Gold member a 1 pm check out (vs. 12 noon regular check out time). On a side note: I was also "downgraded" to a…Read moreDate of stay: May 2017HelpfulShare Response from JWMarriottVenice, General Manager at JW Marriott Venice Resort & SpaResponded May 30, 2017Dear Johanna P, thank you for taking the time to write a review. We appreciate your kind comments about our stunning resort and kind and friendly staff.  As you mentioned, our beautiful resort is designed by the renowned Italian architect Matteo Thun. His main focus was to integrate the contemporary elements of the existing buildings to showcase their unique history and personality, while at the same time enhancing the architectural heritage of our location.  However, I am sorry to hear that there were some aspects of your stay that you felt warranted improvement. You are correct in saying that as a resort we abide to different policies and unfortunately, some of the benefits that you would have as an Elite member when staying at other properties does not apply to us. We apologize for the inconvenience caused but this is not specific to just us but pertains to all resorts within the Marriott group worldwide.  We appreciate you choosing to stay at our Isola delle Rose and we hope that you visit us again in the future.  All the best, Enrique Tasende, General Manager Read more