There are many problems with this hotel but the main issue is its distance from the main islands of Venice and you waste huge amounts of time as a result of Marriott's poor and cheap logistics. We thought there would be regular and efficient shuttles similar to what we had experienced at the Cipriani hotel on a previous visit but the Marriott shuttle is a big bus of a boat that fills up very quickly with a crowd of guests and from time to time we had to wait for a second or even third boat before we could find room. In addition, these shuttles are far slower than the regular taxi boats taking roughly 20-25mins to get to S. Mark square. Finally, the shuttles don't belong to the hotel. They are subcontracted from a local company and we had the impression that the hotel and the…Read moreDate of stay: May 2017HelpfulShare Response from JWMarriottVenice, General Manager at JW Marriott Venice Resort & SpaResponded May 29, 2017Dear Travelista100, thank you for sharing feedback on your recent stay with us. We are very sorry to hear that there were aspects of your stay that you felt warranted improvement.   With regards to your comments about our shuttle service, you might be interested to hear that it can take only 10 minutes from our hotel to San Marco but there are two important things that we always tell our guests. Firstly, for obvious safety reasons, we need to respect the speed limits in the Lagoon and secondly, the dock we have in San Marco is regulated by the Commune de Venezia. We have an allocated time slot for the use of the dock as we are sharing it with two other hotels, who also deal with the same issues as us. Therefore, even if the shuttle arrives before the allocated time, it will still have to wait in front of the dock until the previous boat releases the spot.   I would like to reassure you that having to wait for availability on our shuttle service only happens during a couple of weeks during the high season as we have several families and guests in-house. We are currently working on rectifying this issue as soon as possible. Again we are very sorry about the inconvenience caused by this.  The satisfaction of our guests is our highest priority, therefore I have spoken to the various teams about your feedback and we are discussing how we can enhance the areas that you mentioned. I encourage you to contact our Director of Room Operations, Anna Gutova, if you would like to discuss your experience in more detail. You can email her on info.venice@jwmarriotthotels.com.  All the best, Enrique Tasende, General Manager Read more