My new husband and I arrived to the JW Marriott Venice last night. The experience from beginning to end has been very unimpressive. From having to share their top experience airport ride (private ride) with another group and therefore missing on a very special occasion time as the beginning of our honeymoon and also missing on the views as we were forced to sit inside for the ride, to a room that has a shower with no shelves to put the toiletries so everything has to be left on the floor (?!?!) to a one only hanger closet I feel this is far from a luxury hotel experience. Not what we expected from a JW Marriott. While breakfast was good we had ordered a basket of pastries that never arrived and when we mentioned it to the waiter and said that we were good and no longer hungry…Read moreDate of stay: July 2019HelpfulShare Response from JWMarriottVenice, Front Office Manager at JW Marriott Venice Resort & SpaResponded Jul 22, 2019Dear Bolumita,  thank you for sharing your precious feedback about your recent experience at our JW Marriott Venice. We sincerely apologize for the disappointing arrival experience, having reserved a private transfer. Please be assured that we have taken all the necessary action to make sure a similar situation will not occur in the future, as we truly understand that the experience delivered did not meet your expectations and your comfort.  In addition, we also wish to apologize once again for the delay with the basket of pastries at breakfast. We have indeed reviewed your comments with our Food & Beverage Team in order to continue to focus on delivering the finest service to all our guests, avoiding delays which may of course create discomfort.  We know that you had the chance to meet our JW Retreats Manager, Mr. Gianmarco Chia, upon departure, to review your overall satisfaction and to wish you a warm farewell, and we take the opportunity to wish you a safe and pleasant journey again. May you decide to visit us again in the future, please do not hesitate to contact us directly, and we will make your that your next stay will be spotless, from the beginning till the end.   Sincerely,  Erica Travan Front Office ManagerRead more