Browsing where to spend some reward points we happened to discover this beauty of a hotel. It's your own private island across the lagoon from Venice! What's not to love!?!  As the hotel is seasonal we booked one of the first few weekends it was open while the weather was still mild enough for us Englanders. You have to take a water shuttle boat from San Marco to the island. It's sign posted so you shouldn't miss it. And it's free!  Arriving to the hotel you are greeted by friendly staff who tag and store your luggage for you. The lobby is beautiful and ultra modern ; lots of white and very clean.   Our check in experience was fine other than a mix up with our room type. Eventually we were put in a junior suite which was lovely, however it felt like we were an after thought as…Read moreDate of stay: May 2017HelpfulShare Response from JWMarriottVenice, General Manager at JW Marriott Venice Resort & SpaResponded May 18, 2017Dear EricaOB, thanks so much for your review. We appreciate your generous comments about our beautiful and ultra modern lobby, quiet and tranquil rooms, friendly and approachable staff and delicious food.  With regards to your comments about our rooftop pool, you might be interested to hear that as of May 18th, it is for adults only. We were inspired by the exclusive Members Only clubs with the likes of Soho House in Berlin and wanted to offer our adult guests a perfect lounge style pool with a sophisticated but relaxing atmosphere and amazing views of Venice. We have also expanded our Family Pool to include an interactive water play fountain where kids can enjoy and use their imagination to create their own inventions with super-sized waterproof foam bricks. The fountain is suited for children of all ages and is a fantastic addition to our kids-friendly area, which features a playground and Adventure Park as well.  Thank you for choosing the JW Marriott Venice and we hope to welcome you back again soon.  All the best, Enrique Tasende, General Manager Read more