My husband and I booked the JW Marriott to celebrate our 10th wedding anniversay in Venice, the place where we had spent our honeymoon.  This island is so relaxing and beautiful. I took early morning walks and enjoyed all of the natural scenery offered here. After missing almost two days here due to an airline strike in France, we were treated to prosecco on the rooftop bar at sunset. Claudia at the Sagra restaurant was a star, as were Marcello and Laura in the Cucina restaurant.  Thank you to the gardener who spent so much time sharing plant skills with my husband (who is ready to go back and do an internship), Overall, a sincere and heartfelt thank you to Andrea Vieites who helped with the change in our reservations and water taxi and who made us feel so at home.  We look…Read moreDate of stay: April 2017HelpfulShare Response from JWMarriottVenice, General Manager at JW Marriott Venice Resort & SpaResponded May 2, 2017Dear mellokello, thank you for taking the time to write a review. We are delighted that you enjoyed celebrating your 10th wedding anniversary at our magical Isola delle Rose! We appreciate all your kind comments about our relaxing island, beautiful scenery and attentive staff.  The next time you stay with us we hope that you will have the chance to check out some of the activities and excursions that we offer at our resort such as our Sapori Cooking Academy, which is a big hit with our guests. The morning program we offer is such an unforgettable experience. The day starts off with meeting Chef Micki and travelling together via private water taxi to the colorful Rialto Market. He helps you choose the freshest ingredients to take back to the resort where he teaches how to prepare delicious dishes following the Venetian culinary tradition. Plus, you get to enjoy the lunch that you helped prepare. It is a fantastic way to immerse yourself in the local culture – I highly recommend it.  Thank you for choosing the JW Marriott Venice and we hope to see you again soon.  All the best, Enrique Tasende, General Manager Read more