My wife and i spent both of our birthdays and celebrated a "baby moon" at this beautiful resort. It exceed all expectations. The resort staff made the stay very special, while everyone was very nice and accommodating I really need to call out Gabriele, Holden, Rafael and Davide. From making us feel at home to sending customized notes and desserts to our room on our Birthday's, they really went above and beyond to make our stay special. With my wife being pregnant we really appreciated their efforts to make us feel at home and comfortable.  We took advantage of all aspects of the resort. But I would highly recommend the Sapori cooking school with Micky and Pietro who did an amazing job teaching us how to make homemade pasta. The GOCO spa is also a must for relaxation after a busy…Read moreDate of stay: April 2017HelpfulShare Response from JWMarriottVenice, General Manager at JW Marriott Venice Resort & SpaResponded Apr 27, 2017Dear mgala2017, we are thrilled to hear that you and your wife enjoyed your time at our magical Isola delle Rose. We appreciate all your kind feedback about our accommodating staff, amazing GOCO Spa and impeccable food at Dopolavoro.  When guests ask us what the secret is to our warm hospitality, it really is quite simple. Our approach is genuine and we always try to put ourselves in our customers’ shoes. We think about the way that we want to be treated when we are on vacation. We also appreciate that everyone is different so we customize our customer service experience to each and every one of our guests.  We always encourage our guests to tell us beforehand if they are visiting Venice to celebrate a special occasion – whether that be a honeymoon, birthday, anniversary or proposal – so that we can better help you prepare for an unforgettable holiday. One way guests can do this is by responding to our pre-arrival emails or by emailing the property before arrival at info.venice@jwmarriotthotels.com.   Thank you for choosing the JW Marriott Venice and we hope to welcome you back again soon.  All the best, Enrique Tasende, General Manager Read more