One can't deny the fact of its unique and secluded location. Occupies its own 16-hectare "Isola delle Rose" island in the southern lagoon, a 20-minute ride from St Mark’s square, this property offer its own tranquility.  We visited in November, which was great as the city was not so crowded with tourist.  Booking went smooth - did directly through Marriott Website.  From airport you could choose main public transfer with water bus to San Marco. It takes approx. one hour journey.  Hotel complimentary shuttle offered from St. Mark's square was easy to spot just next to the main San Marco pier (exit from the pier turn to the right and you will see the sign of JW Marriott Venice few meters down on the right hand side near by the water taxi stops). In high seasons they operate two…Read moreDate of stay: November 2016HelpfulShare Response from JWMarriottVenice, General Manager at JW Marriott Venice Resort & SpaResponded Jan 14, 2017Dear luxadvisor, thank you for your review. We appreciate your kind words about our unique location, beautiful property and modern design.  However, I am sorry to hear that there were aspects of your stay that you felt warranted improvement. As you mentioned, our resort is unique in the sense that it is located on its own private island, away from the hustle and bustle of Venice. Our secluded and peaceful location is one of our strongest assets as well as our first-class facilities such as our GOCO Spa (the largest in Venice) and our Michelin-starred restaurant, Dopolavoro.  In addition, every decision we made when designing our resort experience and activity program supports our desire to deliver intuitive personal service in an authentic and crafted environment.  The satisfaction of our guests is our highest priority so I welcome you to contact our Director of Room Operations, Anna Gutova, if you would like to discuss your experience in more detail. You can email her on info.venice@jwmarriotthotels.com.  All the best, Enrique Tasende, General Manager Read more