While the property itself is exceptional, what really sets this hotel apart is the staff and the service that they provide.  We got great advice with many options when we inquired in advance about transport to the resort.  Then from the instant we arrived, we found virtually everyone we interacted with on staff to be customer focused, friendly, and attentive.  The concierge desk (especially Alessandro) was truly exceptional, and every arrangement they made for us worked perfectly.  We enjoyed the food and beverage options on site as well.  We opted for the private transport from Venice airport to the hotel, and while that is not inexpensive it was also impeccable service and much recommended.  The hotel also arranged private transport to both Murano and Burano, both of which we…Read moreDate of stay: August 2016HelpfulShare Response from JWMarriottVenice, General Manager at JW Marriott Venice Resort & SpaResponded Oct 31, 2016Dear fradkg, thanks for your positive feedback. We are grateful for your kind comments about our exceptional property, friendly and attentive staff, delicious food and beverage options and fun activity program.  At the JW Marriott Venice, we are a team of well-travelled individuals who want to showcase our passion for Italy, adding our own touches of sophistication. Most of our staff members are from all around the country, from Milano to Sicily and Genoa to Bari – bringing with them their own unique backgrounds and personalities. Together our aim is to share our passion for Italy with our guests and provide a memorable vacation experience.  We always encourage our guests to tell us beforehand if they are visiting Venice to celebrate a special occasion – whether that be a honeymoon, birthday, anniversary or proposal – so that we can better help you prepare for an unforgettable holiday. One way guests can do this is by responding to our pre-arrival emails or by emailing the property before arrival at info.venice@jwmarriotthotels.com.   Thank you for choosing the JW Marriott Venice and we hope to welcome you back again soon.  All the best, Enrique Tasende, General Manager Read more