My wife and I stayed for 4 nights in October 2016.  We arrived by water taxi and were promptly and professionally whisked to reception.  Check was faultless, a cheezy, almost sleazy, upsell at the end marred it a bit, the offer to upgrade for 100+ euros per night for the next level room was clumsy, (note to the JW Marriott team if it were a real special offer we may have taken it)  Room was spacious, spotlessly clean and well appointed, the housekeeping staff definitely know their job and do it well:))  Facilities are great and being able run laps around he hotel in the morning is a real bonus in Venice.  It is relatively expensive, but that's Venice:) It is definitely good value  it's luxurious and a unique property and experience.  The gym was quiet and well appointed.  Small…Read moreDate of stay: October 2016HelpfulShare Response from JWMarriottVenice, General Manager at JW Marriott Venice Resort & SpaResponded Oct 27, 2016Dear david s, thanks so much for taking the time to write a review. We appreciate your kind comments about our spacious and well-appointed rooms, great facilities, unique property, delicious food and efficient shuttle service.  The next time you stay with us we hope that you will have the chance to check out some of the activities and excursions that we offer at our resort such as our Sapori Cooking Academy, which is a big hit with our guests. The morning program we offer is such an unforgettable experience. The day starts off with meeting Chef Micki and travelling together via private water taxi to the colorful Rialto Market. He helps you choose the freshest ingredients to take back to the resort where he teaches how to prepare delicious dishes following the Venetian culinary tradition. Plus, you get to enjoy the lunch that you helped prepare. It is a fantastic way to immerse yourself in the local culture – I highly recommend it.  Thank you for choosing the JW Marriott Venice and we hope to see you again soon.  All the best, Enrique Tasende, General Manager Read more