Beautiful, quiet private island of Isla delle Rosa (Sacca Sessola) in the Venetian lagoon with wonderful views of Venice in the distance.  Good complimentary shuttle service to Piazza San Marco.  We had a corner room (in the main building which was a former sanatorium) #259 with a small balcony which has a view of Venice. The staff could not have been nicer or more pleasant.  The meals were ok but expensive for what they were as we paid inclusive of dinner (c. double what à la carte would have been.) The portions were very large and lacked variety. The one negative note was the check out.  As the hotel kept getting different authorizations for different amounts during our stay (unbeknownst to me) by the time of checkout the Visa card (in USD) had been maxed out.  They also had…Read moreDate of stay: August 2016HelpfulShare Response from JWMarriottVenice, General Manager at JW Marriott Venice Resort & SpaResponded Oct 27, 2016Dear Sylviane W, thanks for your review. We appreciate your kind comments about our beautiful and quiet island, wonderful views and pleasant staff.  We believe having the ability to escape Venice’s hectic atmosphere is a real benefit, our private island being an oasis of tranquility right outside of Venice. Some of our guests tell us how they like venturing into the hustle and bustle of Venice proper in the mornings, but really enjoy coming back to our peaceful retreat for the afternoon. There is so much to do on our island, from treating yourself in our luxurious GOCO Spa, sunbathing on our beautiful rooftop pool with breathtaking views overlooking the Lagoon to indulging in a delicious meal at one of our restaurants. There is no shortage of activities and things to do at our resort.   However, I am sorry to hear that there were some complications with your bill upon check-out. The satisfaction of our guests is our highest priority so I have spoken to the Accounting team and we are working on improving this process.   Thank you for choosing the JW Marriott Venice and we hope to welcome you back in the future.  All the best, Enrique Tasende, General Manager Read more