Just arrived today at the lovely private island resort JW Marriott in Venice. Will admit this is not how I expected a Marriott Hotel to be - but have been pleasantly surprised! Gorgeous island, great location, fresh and modern accommodation and friendly service minded staff. But the most wonderful surprise of all was the "Pasta, Pasta, Pasta" cooking class with Chef Micki Milan. Slightly nervous bringing my 9 and 11 year old daughters to what was a "regular" cooking class, but we had the most warm welcome from Micki and his "my home is your home" mentality carried through the evening which made everyone feel included. Wow, we ended up staying way passed our two hours course, meet amazing other guest, ate like kings and all left feeling like family - would say this is all because…Read moreDate of stay: October 2016HelpfulShare Response from JWMarriottVenice, General Manager at JW Marriott Venice Resort & SpaResponded Oct 19, 2016Dear Ellen P, thank you so much for taking the time to write a review whilst you and your family are still at the resort. We are absolutely thrilled that you and your girls enjoyed Chef Micki’s cooking class.  I agree, it is such a fun and memorable activity to do with kids! I will make sure to pass on all the kind comments that you said about him. As you experienced, Chef Micki is amazing with children. With a six-year-old son, he knows exactly how to get our junior guests excited about cooking and he is a fantastic teacher! He will be so glad to hear that his warm and friendly approach to teaching was appreciated by you and your family, as well as the other guests.  We also hope that the next time you visit our resort your children will have the opportunity to check out our Kids Club. When the team and I were brainstorming the activities for the Kids Club program, we wanted to offer something that would incorporate aspects of Italian culture so that the children would get to know the history and traditions of our beautiful country. Some of the activities that we are proud to offer families include Italian language lessons, creating and painting your own mini gondola and making Venetian masks.  Thank you for choosing the JW Marriott Venice and we hope to see you and your family again soon!  All the best, Enrique Tasende, General Manager Read more