At first we were hesitant to book a hotel not "IN" Venice, however we were blown away at the quality of the resort and the oasis-like atmosphere!  The staff made us feel very welcome from the moment we checked in.  Armand spoke Spanish with us and was a gracious and accommodating host.  We received an upgraded room which was a beautiful cabana with with a lovely, private patio.  The rooftop restaurant was excellent and provided a lovely panorama of Venice.  There were free hotel boat service every 30 minutes as well as for pay water taxis if you didn't want to wait or needed after hours transportation.  We were very pleased with the hotel and would absolutely stay there again.  Our only regret is we didn't plan for an extra day just to relax and enjoy more of the hotel amenities!Read moreDate of stay: August 2016HelpfulShare Response from JWMarriottVenice, General Manager at JW Marriott Venice Resort & SpaResponded Oct 10, 2016Dear Wolverine325, thanks for your wonderful feedback. We are delighted that you were blown away by our oasis-like atmosphere, welcoming staff and excellent restaurants. As you mentioned, with its private island location our resort provides a peaceful escape from the hustle and bustle of Venice.   Hopefully when you visit us again for a longer stay you will have the chance to check out our GOCO Spa. It is such a wonderful experience and you can spend a whole day there getting pampered and enjoying the mesmerising views of the Lagoon. Our spa – the largest in Venice – also features a spectacular Himalayan Salt Wall, which not only adds an earthy and tranquil beauty to the space but also promotes cleaner and fresher air through its natural purifying abilities. This in turn has a number of health benefits such as better digestion and sleep as well as positive effects on emotional wellbeing. We always encourage our guests to visit our spa after a busy day in Venice to relax and unwind.   Thank you for choosing the JW Marriott Venice and we hope to welcome you back again soon.  All the best, Enrique Tasende, General Manager Read more