On a trip to immerse myself in history, I feel like I'm cheating to rave about this modern hotel but I loved it. My original plan was to spend one long day in Venice, but it turns out that from Rome you can't get there (by train) before 10 and you have to leave at 7, so I looked for a hotel with a room big enough for three people and found this - it was a splurge, but I'm so glad I did it! The roll-away bed was already in the room and made up, just like it belonged there.  The halls are wider, the carpet softer, and the colors more soothing than almost any hotel I've ever stayed in. Everyone was so very nice.  We didn't eat there (way too short a trip, we didn't want to leave) but the menu at the regular restaurant looked reasonable (I didn't check the restaurant with the…Read moreDate of stay: September 2016HelpfulShare Response from JWMarriottVenice, General Manager at JW Marriott Venice Resort & SpaResponded Oct 5, 2016Dear 62Katie, thanks so much for your detailed review. We really appreciate your kind comments about our nice staff, comfortable rooms and convenient shuttle service.  The next time you stay with us we hope that you will have the chance to check out some of the activities and excursions that we offer at our resort such as our Sapori Cooking Academy, which is a big hit with our guests. The morning program we offer is such an unforgettable experience. The day starts off with meeting Chef Micki and travelling together via private water taxi to the colorful Rialto Market. He helps you choose the freshest ingredients to take back to the resort where he teaches how to prepare delicious dishes following the Venetian culinary tradition. Plus you get to enjoy the lunch that you helped prepare. It is a fantastic way to immerse yourself in the local culture – I highly recommend it.  You might also be interested to hear that our resort is open until November 20th this year so hopefully we can welcome you back soon – this time for a longer stay!  All the best, Enrique Tasende, General Manager Read more