This is just an incredible hotel.  When looking to book a hotel in Venice and knowing that Venice is very crowded, we were looking for a hotel that we could escape to for peace and tranquillity after a day with the tourists.  This was just THE perfect hotel for our requirements.  The hotel sits on its own island some 15 minutes boat ride (provided by the hotel) from St Marks square.  The boat journey itself was a pleasure in itself seeing Venice from the water.  Room, service and food was excellent and could not be faulted.  In fact the only point (and not a complaints ) was that maybe there was in fact too much staff.  We had mentioned at the time of booking that it was our wedding anniversary and when we arrived we were given an upgrade and a bottle of Prosecco was waiting for…Read moreDate of stay: September 2016HelpfulShare Response from JWMarriottVenice, General Manager at JW Marriott Venice Resort & SpaResponded Sep 30, 2016Dear HarberA, thanks for your review. We are absolutely delighted that you enjoyed our incredible resort. We appreciate your kind comments about our relaxing atmosphere, excellent customer service, delicious food and beautiful views.  As you mentioned, we believe having the ability to escape Venice’s hectic atmosphere is a real benefit with our private island being an oasis of tranquility right outside of Venice. Like you, many of our guests tell us how they like venturing into the hustle and bustle of Venice  in the mornings, but really enjoy coming back to our peaceful retreat for the afternoon. There is so much to do on our island, from treating yourself in our luxurious GOCO Spa, sunbathing on our beautiful rooftop pool with breathtaking views overlooking the Lagoon to indulging in a delicious meal at one of our restaurants. There is no shortage of activities and things to do at our resort.   Thank you for choosing the JW Marriott Venice and we hope to welcome you back to our magical Isola delle Rose again soon.  All the best, Enrique Tasende, General Manager Read more