Let's start with the positive. This hotel is beautiful, very private and the pool is exceptional. For European standards, the rooms are great and are VERY CLEAN.   However, if you want a true venice experience, this is not the hotel for you. It is extremely isolated and while there are shuttles, it takes almost 30 minutes and would not be fun to do multiple times per day. There was a wedding going on during the stay and completely took the attention of the entire property. I literally listened to Justin Bieber blasting until midnight, not exactly what I want to do in Venice. Also the hotel was constantly trying to up-sell and I have never seen anything quite like it a premium Marriott Property. Also all of the bars face gardens and other views, which is nice but we are in…Read moreDate of stay: September 2016HelpfulShare Response from JWMarriottVenice, General Manager at JW Marriott Venice Resort & SpaResponded Sep 22, 2016Dear Takara S, thanks for taking the time to write a review. We appreciate your kind comments about our beautiful hotel, exceptional pools and great rooms.  However, I am sorry to hear that you were disappointed with some aspects of your stay with us. As you mentioned, our resort is unique in the sense that it is located on its own private island, away from the hustle and bustle of Venice. Our secluded and peaceful location is one of our strongest assets as well as our first-class facilities such as our GOCO Spa (the largest in Venice) and our Michelin-starred restaurant, Dopolavoro.  In addition, every decision we made when designing our resort experience and activity program supports our desire to deliver intuitive personal service in an authentic and crafted environment.  With regards to your feedback about all our bars having garden views, I hope that you had the chance to check out our Sagra Rooftop Restaurant and Bar, which has one of the best views of Venice and the Lagoon. Guests often comment on the moment they step foot on our rooftop, saying how the sweeping and dramatic views are absolutely incredible.  We are grateful for your feedback and I am discussing the areas of improvement that you mentioned in your review with the team so that we can further enhance the guest experience. The satisfaction of our guests is our highest priority so I welcome you to contact our Director of Room Operations, Anna Gutova, to discuss your experience in more detail. You can email her on info.venice@jwmarriotthotels.com.  All the best, Enrique Tasende, General Manager Read more