Stayed here as part of my honeymoon. First the good things, - great location on a private island close to Venice. - beds are very comfy. We slept great. - staff very friendly and professional. - great shuttle to Venice that runs every 30 minutes. - pool has great view of Venice. The reasons I didn't rate it 5 are it should be great for the $ they charge. Few small things, - nobody to help with our bags when we arrived from the shuttle. Hauling 2 40 pound bags no fun after 27 hour journey (thanks United) - housekeeping called while we were taking a nap. Said that would come back in an hour but no sign 4 hours later. - Euro 6 for a small can of Pepsi in their store. - apart from free wifi, nothing for Marriott members with status. Feels like everything is an add on. Euro 20 to use…Read moreDate of stay: September 2016HelpfulShare Response from JWMarriottVenice, General Manager at JW Marriott Venice Resort & SpaResponded Sep 21, 2016Dear comcgan, thanks so much for your review. We are grateful for your kind comments about our great location, friendly and professional staff and convenient shuttle service.  I am also glad to hear that you enjoyed the spectacular views from our rooftop pool and restaurant. You might be interested to hear that besides the regular menu, we also offer a special menu from the Cicchetti Bar, which are Venetian-style tapas. We offer some of the best cicchetti in Venice, made from local ingredients and those found in our organic botanical garden. One of my favorite dining experiences is enjoying these Venetian-style tapas while overlooking the dramatic skyline of the Lagoon during sunset at our rooftop.   We also appreciate you sharing your observations about the areas of your stay that you felt warranted improvement. The satisfaction of our guests is our highest priority so I am discussing your feedback with the team and we are evaluating what can be done to further enhance the guest experience.  Thank you for choosing the JW Marriott Venice and we hope to welcome you back again soon.  All the best, Enrique Tasende, General Manager Read more