As much as I would love to write a positive review for this place, I am unable as everything about it was not equal to the “luxury hotel” they claim to be.  However I always like to write something good - this hotel is only one year and change old, the accommodations are new and clean and the property is very well manicured, this location would be great to have a wedding as you could accommodate many guest and there is a church on the grounds.    THE BAD :  The Hotel is very poorly organized and staff is not the best:  o	Poor to zero communication when attempting to book restaurants in advance during our short weekend stay via email prior to our arrival  o	Poor to no communication on drop off or pick up location (this hotel is on its own island) we received an email from them…Read moreDate of stay: September 2016HelpfulShare Response from JWMarriottVenice, General Manager at JW Marriott Venice Resort & SpaResponded Sep 19, 2016Dear sugarbee_13, thank you for taking the time to share your recent vacation experience with us. We appreciate your kind words about well-manicured property. However, I am very sorry to hear that there were aspects of your stay that you were unsatisfied with.  As you experienced, our resort is unique in the sense that it is located on its own private island, away from the hustle and bustle of Venice. Our secluded and peaceful location is one of our strongest assets as well as our first-class facilities such as our GOCO Spa (the largest in Venice) and our Michelin-starred restaurant, Dopolavoro. Having said this I am very sorry that you felt inconvenienced by our shuttle service.   Regarding your comments about the instances where there was a lack of communication, we are grateful for your feedback and I am discussing the areas of improvement that you mentioned in your review with the team so that we can further enhance the guest experience. The satisfaction of our guests is our highest priority so I welcome you to contact our Director of Room Operations, Anna Gutova, to discuss your experience in more detail. You can email her on info.venice@jwmarriotthotels.com.  All the best, Enrique Tasende, General Manager Read more