We booked as part of a package with BA and came here to celebrate our 20th wedding anniversary.   We were not disappointed.  The hotel is stunning and immaculately kept and it was lovely to get away from the hustle and bustle of the city.  The hotel has its own boat which runs from 8.30 AM every half hour to 12.30 AM.  We used to go in for the day, come back late afternoon for some R and R, and then go in again for drinks and dinner in the evening.  We booked the water taxi transfers through the hotel - these cost 130 euros each way, but you do get your own private water taxi to and from the airport dock and frankly, it is the only way to arrive and depart in Venice.  If you don't want to pay this, then you can take the water bus from the airport for 15 euros each and just catch…Read moreDate of stay: September 2016HelpfulShare Response from JWMarriottVenice, General Manager at JW Marriott Venice Resort & SpaResponded Sep 13, 2016Dear davidandmel, thank you for leaving a detailed review of your recent stay with us. We are delighted that you enjoyed celebrating your 20th wedding anniversary at our magical Isola delle Rose! We appreciate your kind comments about our stunning and immaculately kept hotel and kind and welcoming staff.  I am also glad to hear that you enjoyed the spectacular views from our rooftop pool and Sagra restaurant. You might be interested to hear that besides the regular menu, we also offer a special menu from the Cicchetti Bar, which are Venetian-style tapas. We offer some of the best cicchetti in Venice, made from local ingredients and those found in our organic botanical garden. One of my favorite dining experiences is enjoying these Venetian-style tapas while overlooking the dramatic skyline of the Lagoon during sunset at our rooftop.   With regards to your comments about our Wi-Fi, we always encourage our guests to become a Marriott Rewards member so that they have access to complimentary Wi-Fi access in our rooms. Plus it is a great opportunity to get points for your stay.  Thank you for recommending us and we hope to welcome you back again soon.  All the best, Enrique Tasende, General Manager Read more