Wanting somewhere special to stay for our  first wedding anniversary we decided to stay at the j.w.marriott. When arriving at the airport we decided to book a private water taxi that cost 120 euros which we were aware of and great way to get there.  Arriving by taxi into the hotel grounds was pretty spectacular as was the hotel.  Most of the hotel is really beautiful with lovely grounds, a church, and a couple of pools.  The swimming pools are not massive but more of a way to relax especially in the rooftop pool with views over Venice was pretty spectacular.  We had a deluxe room which was quite big and my only fault was a really tiny hanging space for dresses despite being a relatively large wardrobe. The breakfast was really lovely with a vast choice and very fresh.  The…Read moreDate of stay: September 2016HelpfulShare Response from JWMarriottVenice, General Manager at JW Marriott Venice Resort & SpaResponded Sep 11, 2016Dear Jav66, thank you for taking the time to write a review. We appreciate your kind comments about our stunning hotel, lovely grounds, spectacular views from our rooftop pool and excellent customer service.  However, I am sorry to hear that you were disappointed with some aspects of your stay with us. As you mentioned, our resort is unique in the sense that it is located on its own private island, away from the hustle and bustle of Venice. We believe that our secluded and peaceful location is one of our strongest assets as well as our first-class facilities such as our GOCO Spa (the largest in Venice) and our Michelin-starred restaurant, Dopolavoro.  In addition, every decision we made when designing our resort experience and activity program supports our desire to deliver intuitive personal service in an authentic and crafted environment.  We are grateful for your feedback and I am discussing the areas of improvement that you mentioned in your review with the team so that we can further enhance the guest experience. The satisfaction of our guests is our highest priority so I welcome you to contact our Director of Room Operations, Anna Gutova, if you wish to discuss your experience in more detail. You can email her on info.venice@jwmarriotthotels.com.  All the best, Enrique Tasende, General Manager Read more