Stayed  for a few days with my daughter. (We found a great deal on British airways holidays.)  Yes it's expensive (but so is everything in Venice so don't come if you want cheap and cheerful ) and there are one or two things I think Marriott could improve on, for example provide free internet please .  BUT this place is just fabulous ! The hotel is immaculate, peaceful and an oasis of calm.  The food excellent. The staff were, without exception,  warm, friendly and wonderful . We felt so welcomed and well looked after by everyone. Thank you to the professional  breakfast staff who temped us with extra cappuccinos; the bar staff who told us about (and let us taste)  Italian special liqueurs , and the staff in the roof top restaurant who were all so lovely and made every evening a…Read moreDate of stay: September 2016HelpfulShare Response from JWMarriottVenice, General Manager at JW Marriott Venice Resort & SpaResponded Sep 8, 2016Dear Ann C, thanks for your positive feedback. We are thrilled that you and your daughter enjoyed your time with us. We appreciate your kind feedback about our fabulous and peaceful resort, excellent food and warm and wonderful staff.  We hope that you had the chance to check out our Sapori Cooking Academy. The morning program we offer is such an unforgettable experience. The day starts off with meeting Chef Micki and travelling together via private water taxi to the colorful Rialto Market. He helps you choose the freshest ingredients to take back to the resort where he teaches how to prepare delicious dishes following the Venetian culinary tradition. Plus you get to enjoy the lunch that you helped prepare. It is a fantastic way to immerse yourself in the local culture – I highly recommend it.  With regards to your comments about our Wi-Fi, we always encourage our guests to become a Marriott Rewards member so that they have access to complimentary Wi-Fi access in our rooms. Plus it is a great opportunity to get points for your stay.  Thank you for choosing the JW Marriott Venice and we hope to welcome you back again soon.  All the best, Enrique Tasende, General Manager Read more