JW Marriott is exactly what is says it is; a private get away on a private island in one of the most beautiful cities in the world. I chose JW Marriott Venice as the place that I would propose to my girlfriend. I went for the La Residenza Pool de Luxe for 4 nights and my only regret is that I wish I had stayed longer.   I wanted to make the proposal very special so I contacted guest relations to plan my trip. Both Marina and Sara were extremely helpful in assisting me in putting my plans into action as well as arranging the logistics of it all. I can never repay them for the excellent coordination and planning that made everything so smooth and perfect not to mention how I was made to feel at ease in regards to the arrangements. A long trail of emails worthy to show our…Read moreDate of stay: August 2016HelpfulShare Response from JWMarriottVenice, General Manager at JW Marriott Venice Resort & SpaResponded Sep 4, 2016Dear mustafakk2016, thanks so much for taking the time to write a review. We are very grateful for your wonderful comments about our peaceful island, amazing retreat, beautiful guest rooms, incredible spa and delicious food. I will also make sure to share all your generous feedback with our staff, especially Marina and Sara – they will all be happy to hear that they helped make your proposal extra special.  We are thrilled that you and your fiancé enjoyed your time at our amazing GOCO Spa. As the largest spa in Venice, it offers luxury at your fingertips and includes spacious treatment rooms overlooking the stunning Venice skyline, a sauna, bio-sauna, hammam along with our indoor and outdoor pools. You can even indulge in a morning yoga class in our beautiful yoga and meditation gardens. We are glad to hear that your treatments were the icing on the cake!  We always encourage our guests to tell us beforehand if they are visiting Venice to celebrate a special occasion – whether that be a honeymoon, birthday, anniversary or proposal – so that we can better help you prepare for an unforgettable holiday. One way guests can do this is by responding to our pre-arrival emails or by emailing the property before arrival at info.venice@jwmarriotthotels.com.   Thank you for choosing the JW Marriott Venice and we look forward to seeing you again soon.  All the best, Enrique Tasende, General Manager Read more