You have to take a 30 minute water taxi to get to this hotel.   The hotel provides the water taxi but it only leaves at the top and 1/2 hour of each hour.   So if you miss it by 5 minutes ... you wait and wait and wait.     You may think it is worth the "price" but you give up so much, because there is no quick trip back to the hotel.   They do NOT provide pick up from the airport/train station.  They will however drop you off at the train/airport (they just don't tell you this until you arrive).   They have all the US amenities that you want (spa, kids pool, adult pool, workout room, fancy American restaurant etc..) .  Also make sure you include breakfast in the hotel room price otherwise you pay $35 per person for a very nice buffet but not sure it was worth $35.   They also…Read moreDate of stay: June 2019HelpfulShare Response from JWMarriottVenice, Front Office Manager at JW Marriott Venice Resort & SpaResponded Jun 18, 2019Dear OrlandoFamily5,  thank you your sharing your valued feedback in regards of your past experience at the JW Marriott Venice.  We truly regret to read that your overall experience did not meet and exceed your expectations, due to several factors, including the secluded location.   Our complimentary shuttle service which connects the property to Saint Mark's Square is usually considered a very convenient service by our guests, because of its timely departure every thirty minutes. As indicated also on our dedicated website, the property also extends another complimentary shuttle service, one way only, from the JW Marriott to Piazzale Roma, a few meters away from Venezia Santa Lucia train station and the main bus and car station of Venice.  In regards of the bedding type of your room, we apologize for being unable to grant you a king size bed, and this is the reason why we decided to extend you a free upgrade to a higher room category which we hoped could enhance your experience and make your stay more comfortable. We wish we could know that this resolution did not suit you well in order to offer you a room move to another one on the following day.  In regards of the gratuity, we would like to clarify that it is absolutely not mandatory but at our guests' discretionary while the only mandatory charge is the "cover charge" applied to our restaurants, as it happens in every Italian restaurant. We truly apologize for giving somehow the wrong impression of forcing to leave a tip.  Finally, what we regret the most is that we did not success to convey to your stay the Italian flair we aim to spread on our Isola delle Rose. Even if the JW Marriott Venice belongs to an American company, its roots are Italian, and this is why we have so many Italian features and facilities available, including dedicated Restaurants.  May you decide to visit us back again in the future, please do not hesitate to contact us directly and we will make sure that your next visit will be truly perfect, from the beginning till the end.  Kindest regards,  Erica Travan Front Office Manager erica.travan@jwmarriotthotels.comRead more