The hotel and grounds are beautiful if you want to enjoy visiting Venice. But the hotel does have 2 significant issues A) they have a huge problem with wasps down by the family pool. You are constantly bothered by wasps, there are hundreds of them! B) the hotel has an adults only pool on the rooftop which isn't clearly explained on the website and the pool that is classified as the family pool isn't really a family pool. I'm 1.60m tall and I can't touch the bottom of the pool, there is no shallow area for children, which means using it is limited if you have small children!  I hope the hotel will take note of this and at least do something to control the wasp the problem quickly and consider how they can plan for the family pool issue as a future enhancement. Read moreDate of stay: August 2016HelpfulShare Response from JWMarriottVenice, General Manager at JW Marriott Venice Resort & SpaResponded Sep 1, 2016Dear tjd_02, thank you for taking the time to write a review. We appreciate your kind feedback about our beautiful hotel and grounds. However, I am very sorry to hear that there were aspects of your stay that you felt warranted improvement. With regards to your comments about the wasps, unfortunately this is an issue that all hotels located around the Lagoon experience during the summer months. With the season coming to an end soon, we expect to see a significant reduction of this problem. Furthermore, we are also formulating a solid plan with our pest control company to ensure that this issue is minimized in the future.  You might be interested to hear that we have some exciting plans in place to expand the family pool, including the construction of a second shallow pool for children. We will also be adding a fun water fountain feature for kids and adults. Watch this space to hear about all our exciting plans that we have in store for next year.  Once again, I apologize for the disappointment and I hope that in the future we will be able to serve you again and leave a different impression on you. I welcome you to contact Anna Gutova, our Director of Rooms Operations, if you would like to discuss your experience in more detail. You can email her on info.venice@jwmarriotthotels.com.  All the best, Enrique Tasende, General Manager  Read more