I visited Venice for a few days prior to boarding a cruise ship in Venice and chose to stay at the JW Marriot Venice Resort & Spa.  From the moment I arrived my experience was incredible.  The property in itself is gorgeous. Although it is not in the center of Venice, it is easy to access via the hotel's shuttle service.  I had no problem getting out of the resort and returning to it.  I loved the tranquility of the resort and the views and scenery was incredible.  The spa was incredible.  The faculty in itself is like none I have ever seen.  My massage was one of the best I have ever had.  What truly made this place amazing was its wonderful staff.  They were super attentive and took care of my every need.  Claudia Favaretto in customer relations was incredible.  Gabriele…Read moreDate of stay: August 2016HelpfulShare Response from JWMarriottVenice, General Manager at JW Marriott Venice Resort & SpaResponded Aug 29, 2016Dear isolesearch, thanks for sharing feedback on your recent stay with us. We are absolutely delighted to hear that our magical Isola delle Rose is one of the most amazing properties that you have ever stayed at. We appreciate your kind comments about our gorgeous property, beautiful views and scenery, incredible spa and wonderful staff.  I agree, I think our private island is an oasis of tranquility right outside of Venice. Some of our guests tell us how they like venturing into the hustle and bustle of Venice proper in the mornings, but really enjoy coming back to our peaceful retreat for the afternoon. There is so much to do on our island, from treating yourself in our luxurious GOCO Spa, sunbathing on our beautiful rooftop pool with breathtaking views overlooking the Lagoon to indulging in a delicious meal at one of our restaurants. There is no shortage of activities and things to do at our resort. Some guests even tell us that on some days they don’t leave our island!  Thank you for choosing the JW Marriott Venice and we hope to see you again soon.  All the best, Enrique Tasende, General Manager Read more