The hotel and island are very nice. Once on the island you have no other options for dining etc. but what they offer, so be prepared for very high prices. However, in general the higher prices seemed worth it. The views of Venice are very nice. The pools are very pleasant and a walk around the island is relaxing. If you are a platinum level Marriott rewards member, like us, don’t expect any special treatments beyond the free internet. On a prior visit to Venice we stayed at the Locanda Orseolo, near San Marco square. We really enjoyed this small hotel. In fact, it was one of the best hotel stays of our life. We reluctantly chose to go with the JW Marriott this time because we are Platinum level guests. But we felt more like premium customers at the Locanda Orseolo. With this…Read moreDate of stay: August 2016HelpfulShare Response from JWMarriottVenice, General Manager at JW Marriott Venice Resort & SpaResponded Aug 29, 2016Dear ToddLang, thanks for taking the time to write a review. We appreciate your kind comments about our nice views, pleasant staff and relaxing atmosphere.  At our Isola delle Rose, we pride ourselves in creating a unique identity that is completely our own. Our secluded and peaceful location is one of our strongest assets as well as our first-class facilities such as our GOCO Spa (the largest in Venice) and our Michelin-starred restaurant, Dopolavoro.  In addition, every decision we made when designing our resort experience and activity program supports our desire to deliver intuitive personal service in an authentic and crafted environment. For instance, our customers love the opportunity to taste our vegetables grown in our botanic gardens, sample our exclusive olive oil produced from our 100 olive trees or just spend the afternoon in our pools overlooking the dramatic views of Venice and the Lagoon while admiring the incomparable Italian sunset.   Thank you for choosing the JW Marriott Venice and we hope to welcome you back again in the future.  All the best, Enrique Tasende, General Manager Read more