After spending six nights in Rome and Florence, we thought the JW’s private island in Venice would be an escape from the bustling sounds of the former cities.  From our reception to our meals, everything at the hotel was more than we expected. We especially enjoyed quiet walks and the fragrance of the island provided by its lush and beautiful landscape. We ate at Dapolarova on our first night as we were informed it was rented for a wedding on night two...completely understandable.  Unfortunately for us, we had an early flight on Sunday which required us to wake and catch a water taxi by 3:50 am.  Again, our responsibility. Where the JW Marriott failed was by allowing this wedding to go on ALL NIGHT. I expect the couple paid a pretty penny for their nuptials there, however there…Read moreDate of stay: June 20191 Helpful voteHelpfulShare Response from JWMarriottVenice, Front Office Manager at JW Marriott Venice Resort & SpaResponded Jun 17, 2019Dear PortTarpon,  thank you for sharing your valued feedback about your recent experience at the JW Marriott Venice.  First of all, we are glad to read that you overall enjoyed the property, the location and the dining options offered at our property, including our gourmet restaurant Fiola at Dopolavoro. At the same time, we regret to read about the strong inconvenience due to the wedding reception event which took place at the Church in the evening time. We totally understand your frustration and dissatisfaction due to the loud music and the consequent impossibility to properly have some rest prior to your early morning departure.  We sincerely apologize for being unable to control the music sound and the event itself, causing discomfort to other guests like you not involved in the wedding party celebration. Please be assured that we are truly concerned about all our guests' comfort and well-being, and we definitely did not want to give the wrong impression that we were prioritizing some guests rather than others, because this simply does not represent our business philosophy and our JW Marriott core values. We have already discussed the situation occurred with the entire Management and Events Team to make sure that the right actions will be taken during any future event to prevent similar inconveniences to our leisure guests.  We understand that we can not go back and change that night happenings. However, may you decide to give us another opportunity and to visit us back again in the future, please be assured that we will make sure that your next visit will be completely spotless, from the beginning till the end.  Kindest regards,  Erica Travan Front Office Manager Erica.travan@jwmarriotthotels.com Read more