I rarely participate in any review unless the experience left me either utterly impressed or absolutely unimpressed. I wish I could recommend this hotel to our peers who will travel to Venice in the future but unfortunately, my experience at JW Marriott Venice seriously marred our very first stay at a Marriott, to the point where we will seriously consider against any hotel in the chain for our future travel.   First, I would start off with the positive side—this secluded island is nice and peaceful as advertised. The housekeepers and landscapers did very well in keeping the property clean and well-maintained. In addition, my husband and I had an excellent time at Dovopolaro Dining Room. The food was exquisite and the staff (at this restaurant alone) were professional and on…Read moreDate of stay: August 2016HelpfulShare Response from JWMarriottVenice, General Manager at JW Marriott Venice Resort & SpaResponded Aug 29, 2016Dear Shannan R, thank you for taking the time to write a review on your recent stay at our resort. We appreciate your kind feedback on secluded and peaceful island, well-maintained property and our exquisite food at Dopolavoro. However, I am very sorry to hear that there were some aspects of your stay that you felt warranted improvement.   After reading your comments it is very clear to me why we did not create the resort experience that you had anticipated for your vacation. I wish to apologize to you and your husband for the inconveniences you experienced. I will discuss all the issues that you brought to our attention with the responsible managers so that we can take steps to correct the different situations that you mentioned. We will keep our focus on improving on a daily basis.  Once again, I apologize for the disappointment and I hope that in the future we will be able to serve you again and leave a different impression on you. I welcome you to contact Anna Gutova, our Director of Rooms Operations, if you would like to discuss your experience in more detail. You can email her on info.venice@jwmarriotthotels.com.  All the best, Enrique Tasende, General Manager  Read more