I love Marriott hotels but was more then disappointed with this very out of the way hotel.  You're basically trapped on the island, unless you take the long but free ride to St. Marco Piazza.  When you are at the hotel the small shoppe for Misc. is literally highway robbery, €6,00 for a can of soda.  We had dinner at the rooftop restaurant Sagra which was terrible, so much so that we had to send our food back but since you are stuck on the island all you can do is order room service or try another restaurant of theirs.  No thanks!  We did order a room service pizza that was €25,00 but was actually very good.  The service is wonderful as with all Marriott resorts but this JW does not measure up to the expectations of a level 9 Marriott.  Read moreDate of stay: August 2016HelpfulShare Response from JWMarriottVenice, General Manager at JW Marriott Venice Resort & SpaResponded Aug 24, 2016Dear Silvia P, thank you for taking the time to write a review. We appreciate your kind words about our wonderful customer service. However, I am very sorry to hear that you were disappointed with some aspects of your stay with us. With regards to your feedback about your dining experience at Sagra, I have discussed your comments with the team and we are evaluating what we can do to improve.   I also really do sympathize with your feedback about Venice being an expensive place to visit overall, which is mainly due to the high cost of bringing everything in from the main land. Our resort is not the only one subjected to elevated pricing – most hotels located in our iconic city have a similar issue.  At our Isola delle Rose, we pride ourselves in creating a unique identity that is completely our own. Our secluded and peaceful location is one of our strongest assets as well as our first-class facilities such as our GOCO Spa (the largest in Venice) and our Michelin-starred restaurant, Dopolavoro.  In addition, every decision we made when designing our resort experience and activity program supports our desire to deliver intuitive personal service in an authentic and crafted environment. For instance, our customers love the opportunity to taste our vegetables grown in our botanic gardens, sample our exclusive olive oil produced from our 100 olive trees or just spend the afternoon in our pools overlooking the dramatic views of Venice and the Lagoon while admiring the incomparable Italian sunset.   Having said that, the satisfaction of our guests is our highest priority so I welcome you to contact our Director of Room Operations, Anna Gutova, if you wish discuss your experience in more detail. You can email her on info.venice@jwmarriotthotels.com.   All the best, Enrique Tasende, General Manager Read more