We recently stayed at JW Marriott in Venice to celebrate our 25 wedding anniversary and my 50th Birthday.   It was absolutely amazing at this hotel.    It was on its own island so you could escape the busy streets of Venice when you needed to.  There was a fab shuttle service each way every 30 minutes and the trip was very relaxing and tranquil.   The staff were really friendly and just could not do enough to make your staff that extra bit special.    We stayed in La Residenza which was a very beautiful room with it's own decking and garden area.    The staff had left us a bottle of prosecco and macaroons one night for our anniversary which went down very well - thank you.   The reception staff and concierge  were always helpful.  We spent one day at the roof top pool and the…Read moreDate of stay: August 2016HelpfulShare Response from JWMarriottVenice, General Manager at JW Marriott Venice Resort & SpaResponded Aug 22, 2016Dear Kim B, thanks so much for taking the time to write a review. We are absolutely thrilled that you enjoyed celebrating your 25th wedding anniversary and 50th birthday at our magical Isola delle Rose! We appreciate your kind comments about our fabulous shuttle service, friendly staff, beautiful rooms and amazing views.  I am also delighted to hear that you enjoyed your birthday dinner at our Sagra Rooftop restaurant. You might be interested to hear that we are offering a unique culinary experience for our guests at Giardino, which provides the option of dining picnic-style in our beautiful park. One of our staff members will help you set up a picnic in a cool and shady spot where you can enjoy the spectacular view of the Lagoon. They will also bring you a picnic basket with a delicious selection of items such as sandwiches, wraps and local fruits and vegetables from our garden. We hope that you check it out the next time you visit us – it is such a romantic way to enjoy a meal with loved ones.  Thank you for choosing the JW Marriott Venice and we hope to see you again soon.  All the best, Enrique Tasende, General Manager Read more