We had a fantastic weekend here - this is a hotel that you'll never forget.  On its own private island the magic starts when you arrive at the jetty on the water taxi (€120 direct from airport) Luxurious rooms - we were in the 'cheapest' rooms and they were fabulous, the villas and premium rooms will be outstanding. Fabulous adult rooftop pool and bar with spectacular views - really efficient and friendly staff (all speak very good English) Separate family pool in the grounds with plenty of sunbeds and loads of space. Had a meal at the rooftop bar Sagra, excellent food and again that amazing view. The breakfast was great and the staff here were also extremely friendly and well organised. This is a very spacious hotel inside and out with a great 1k circuit of the grounds with…Read moreDate of stay: August 2016HelpfulShare Response from JWMarriottVenice, General Manager at JW Marriott Venice Resort & SpaResponded Aug 18, 2016Dear Debbie N, thanks for your review. We are glad that you had a fantastic weekend at our resort. We appreciate your generous comments about our luxurious rooms, fabulous rooftop pool, spectacular views, friendly staff and excellent food.  We hope the next time you visit us you will have the chance to dine at our Michelin-starred restaurant Dopolavoro. Our guests tell us that they love the welcoming but elegant atmosphere of our fine dining restaurant and with its gourmet offering and beautiful ambience, it is the perfect place to share a romantic dinner with a loved one.   We always encourage our guests to tell us beforehand if they are visiting Venice to celebrate a special occasion – whether that be a honeymoon, birthday, anniversary or proposal – so that we can better help you prepare for an unforgettable holiday. One way guests can do this is by responding to our pre-arrival emails or by emailing the property before arrival at info.venice@jwmarriotthotels.com.   Thank you for choosing the JW Marriott Venice and we hope to welcome you back again soon.  All the best, Enrique Tasende, General Manager Read more