Beautiful island, spacious rooms, marvelous views of the sea and the city, and yet:  - Poor food, extremely expensive. Since the hotel is located on an island, there's no fast and simple way to avoid spending huge amount of money on bad food. A can of Pepsi costs 7 Euros, small sandwich won't cost any less than 15 Euros.   - Tiny, shadeless pools. Opens 9 to 21. The public facilities aren't satisfying: the gym is small and poorly equipped, the spa is not accessible (but for those who will to pay 150 Euro for the cheapest massage).  - No complimentary WiFi inside the rooms. WiFi services are highly expensive as well. (15/25 Euro per day).   - The shuttle runs properly, but during rush hours the lines are crowded and stressed. Shuttles are reliant upon the weather and can be…Read moreDate of stay: August 2016HelpfulShare Response from JWMarriottVenice, General Manager at JW Marriott Venice Resort & SpaResponded Aug 15, 2016Dear Omri L, thanks for taking the time to write a review. We appreciate your kind comments about our beautiful island, spacious rooms and marvelous views. However, I am very sorry to hear that there were aspects of your stay that you felt warranted improvement.  I really do sympathize with your feedback about Venice being an expensive place to visit overall, which is mainly due to the high cost of bringing everything in from the main land. Our resort is not the only one subjected to elevated pricing – most hotels located in our iconic city have a similar issue.  With regards to your feedback about our spa, like many spas in Venice there is a fee to use it and we believe that the quality of our facilities and treatements – being the biggest in Venice – is worth the cost.   Having said this, the satisfaction of our guests is our highest priority and we therefore welcome any feedback that will help us enhance the guest experience. I welcome you to contact our Director of Room Operations, Anna Gutova, if you wish discuss your experience in more detail. You can email her on info.venice@jwmarriotthotels.com.  All the best, Enrique Tasende, General Manager Read more