Resort grounds are very nice but I regret staying here.  My family and I stayed for 3 nights and 4 of the times my family tried to take the shuttle to or from Venice it was full and we had to wait for the next shuttle.  They don't have enough capacity for peak times like going to Venice in the late morning or going to Venice for dinner or back after dinner.  One time, we (and many others) could not get on the 11:30 shuttle back (we arrived at 11:15) and it was a mob scene of pushing and shoving. It was pretty miserable waiting until midnight with my kids. We felt like we spent a lot of time waiting for the shuttle. For the price they charge it is unacceptable and they just don't have enough shuttle capacity for the size of the resort when the hotel is at full occupancy.  I also…Read moreDate of stay: August 2016HelpfulShare Response from JWMarriottVenice, General Manager at JW Marriott Venice Resort & SpaResponded Aug 14, 2016Dear Jeremy W, thank you for taking the time to write a review. We appreciate your kind words about our nice grounds. However, I am very sorry to hear that you were disappointed with the shuttle service to and from Venice. As you know, with it being high season our resort is extremely busy.  Please note that the dock we have in San Marco is regulated by the Commune de Venezia. We have an allocated time slot for the use of the dock as we are sharing it with two other hotels. Therefore even if we increased the number of our shuttles, we would still only be allowed to arrive on the dock every half an hour. We apologize for the inconvenience caused by this.  Also, since our shuttle service operates on a first come first serve basis, we also recommend that guests arrive at least 20 minutes before the departure time to ensure that they get a seat on the boat.  The satisfaction of our guests is our highest priority so I welcome you to contact our Director of Room Operations, Anna Gutova, if you wish discuss your experience in more detail. You can email her on info.venice@jwmarriotthotels.com.  All the best, Enrique Tasende, General Manager Read more