Beautiful private island 2km boat ride from San Marco square. Maybe not the best location for sightseeing as the boat takes 30 minutes each way and the boat only goes every 30 minutes and is sometimes to full to take everybody. Private taxi boat from the airport costs almost 200 euro each way.   The rooms are quite nice, sadly ours had an old and strange looking bathroom and the mini bar was not cold.  The service is quite slow and poor though, they forget a lot and you have to cue for checkin, cue for breakfast, cue for checkout. And a lot of things are charged extra; no free wifi, using the spa is 35 euro for hotel guests, even using the bicycles to make a small ride around the island cost 20 euro. Not really what you would expect.   If you ditch the extra charges for…Read moreDate of stay: April 2016HelpfulShare Response from JWMarriottVenice, General Manager at JW Marriott Venice Resort & SpaResponded Aug 12, 2016Dear Des S, thank you for taking the time to share feedback on your recent stay. We appreciate your kind words about our beautiful private island.   However, I am very sorry to hear that there were aspects of your vacation experience that you were disappointed with. I have shared your review with the team and we are evaluating the ways that we can improve the guest experience.   With regards to your comments about our Wi-Fi, we always encourage our guests to become a Marriott Rewards member so that they have access to complimentary Wi-Fi access in our rooms. Plus it is a great opportunity to get points for your stay. Also, we regret to hear that you experienced slow service during your time with us. With it being the high season our hotel is extremely busy. We apologize for the inconvenience.  The satisfaction of our guests is our highest priority so I welcome you to contact our Director of Room Operations, Anna Gutova, if you wish discuss your experience in more detail. You can email her on info.venice@jwmarriotthotels.com.  We hope that you will consider giving us another opportunity to demonstrate the standards and level of service that we are known for.  All the best, Enrique Tasende, General Manager Read more