3 nights in summer - island setting was fantastic, great to be away from the crowds and the 20 min transfer between the island and San Marco was generally quite nice and not too much of a hassle. Had 1 or 2 transfers (6pm from JWM to SM and 930pm on the return leg on a Sat evening) where it looked like the boat would be overcrowded but it didn't become an issue. But it's not such a peaceful setting at the same time - number of insects (maybe only a summer thing) was deafening and sometimes a bit of a distraction.  Food is distinctly average. Not disastrous, some of it even interesting (purple chips with the panini were very nice). But we got tired of the Sagra menu after 2-3 meals. Perhaps it was designed with only short stay guests in mind. Breakfast at Cucina was bland -…Read moreDate of stay: August 2016HelpfulShare Response from JWMarriottVenice, General Manager at JW Marriott Venice Resort & SpaResponded Aug 7, 2016Dear TravellingToothbrush, thank you for taking the time to share your review. We appreciate your kind words about our beautiful setting and generously proportioned guest rooms. However, I am very sorry to hear that there were aspects of your vacation experience that you felt warranted improvement.  With regards to your comments about our Resort Package, I would like to clarify that the cost is not per guest but per room. It also includes a number of thoughtful amenities that many of our guests enjoy such as complimentary enhanced Wi-Fi, access to the Kids Club, free yoga lessons, complimentary visits to one of Murano’s glass factories as well as Burano to meet a traditional lace maker. We feel that the many activities included justify the cost of the fee.   At our Isola delle Rose, we pride ourselves in creating a unique identity that is completely our own. Our secluded and peaceful location is one of our strongest assets as well as our first-class facilities such as our GOCO Spa (the largest in Venice) and our Michelin-starred restaurant, Dopolavoro. In addition, every decision we made when designing our resort experience and activity program supports our desire to deliver intuitive personal service in an authentic and crafted environment. For instance, our customers love the opportunity to taste our vegetables grown in our botanic gardens, sample our exclusive olive oil produced from our 100 olive trees or just spend the afternoon in our pools overlooking the dramatic views of Venice and the Lagoon while admiring the incomparable Italian sunset.   The satisfaction of our guests is our highest priority so we welcome any feedback that will help us further enhance our offering. If you wish to discuss your experience in more detail, please contact our Director of Room Operations, Anna Gutova, at info.venice@jwmarriotthotels.com.   All the best, Enrique Tasende, General Manager Read more