I had a lovely three nights at the Molino Stucky where I've spent quite a few nights over the years as the hotel really is a sight to behold and to experience.   My girlfriend and I were there to celerate her birthday. I'm a Diamond HH member and was, as always, upgraded to a lovely room which overlooked the Canal De Giudecca. The staff were lovely and we found a nice surprise of a bottle of Prosecco in our room with some Venician buscuits when we retunened in the evening, nice touch!   I saw some very negative reviews before we went out,  people mostly complaining about restictions due to COVID-19 like only being able to have an hour by the pool and the lounge having pre-packed sandwiches. Well, come on, they obviously have guidelines that have to be adhered to which would be set by both the Hilton Group and the Italian Government. This is to keep all the guests and hotel staff safe so yes, it wasn't quite the same but isn't this the case everywhere at the moment???  I think they are doing a great job concidering the circumstances.   Just one negative however, as a previous reviewer mentioned, the pool is shut for the whole day if it rains (even for just a hour or so) we had a timeslot of an hour at 2pm which we had made our way back over from the city for as we love the roof top pool. We had even gone to our room and changed into our swimwear to find a sign when we went up to the pool saying 'pool closed all day' Very dissapointing!!  It had only rained a little in the morning, it was glorious blue sky and sunshine all afternoon!   Hilton - if you close the pool let your guests know, epsecially if they have booked a timeslot. All it would take is a phone call, text or email.   All in all, we had a really nice stay and would highly recommend the Molino Stucky. Try Aromi if you want a really nice dinner,…Read moreDate of stay: August 2020ValueServiceSleep Quality1 Helpful voteHelpfulShare Response from Hilton Molino Stucky Venice, Guest Services / Front Office at Hilton Molino Stucky Venice HotelResponded Sep 9, 2020Dear Baz,  Greetings from romantic Venice! Thank you for your nice comments regarding the hotel, and for choosing us once again for your stay despite the difficult situation.  We apologize for the inconvenience you had in regards to the pool and please rest assured the matter is being discussed in order to improve our service in the future.  Please do not hesitate to contact us for any future assistance, and we look forward to welcoming you back again! Kind regards, Nicole Boffelli Guest Relations ManagerRead more