I suppose a plus and minus is the location on a more quiet island - sometimes that's good and sometimes not so good. On balance I liked it as the bustle of Venice especially St Marks area gets silly busy.  Check in can get a little busy but overall the staff in the hotel were good, helpful people. Our room over looking the restaurants was a king bed with view and included the executive lounge access which we used a bit for the odd nibble and a few drinks. Air con in our room was very good, the bar area of the hotel was a little warm.  The rooftop pool area isn't big enough for the volume of guest and certainly not enough shady seating which is a shame.  Access was via private water taxi although there is a boat service from the airport - some good restaurants were available…Read moreDate of stay: June 2017HelpfulShare Response from MolinoStuckyHilton, General Manager at Hilton Molino Stucky Venice HotelResponded Jul 3, 2017Dear Madame, Thank you very much for your nice comments and feedback on the hotel’s facilities. We are pleased that you enjoyed your stay at the Hilton Molino Stucky Venice and that you appreciated our Team Members and hospitality. It is nice to read that you liked the location on the Giudecca island, a nice and quiet residential area, only a 12 minutes boat ride from the main crowded city centre which is especially treasured by Guests who like to enjoy a more relaxing side of Venice. In regard to your comments on the pool size, may I say that the restoration project of the Molino Stucky was designed and approved following strict rules and regulations in compliance with the environmental and artistic restrictions applied to an ancient and monumental complex protected by local authorities. The structure still has the typical features of the old industrial architecture, which has certainly affected the project with some restraints when developing the leisure proposal, including our rooftop pool area. We place great value on your opinion and we look forward to welcoming your relatives in September! Sincerely,  Ilio Rodoni  General Manager Read more