When you pay a lot of money per night, and are also a diamond member, you expect top quality service. Not so at this Hilton. The only reason I’m giving it 2 stars is due to the comfortable bed and only one staff member in the breakfast room who was very caring and attentive to our needs.  Food served at breakfast buffet was stale and they kept serving it till it was all gone- predictably on the day a bunch of cruise ship passengers landed, it seemed like.  Most disappointed with their customer service. We were in a rush to catch an early morning train and asked for 2 slices of bread to go since we, first, had to take the ferry to go to the train station. Breakfast time is 7:00 am. The food was already all laid out in the Executive Lounge. It was 6:50 am. They said they can’t…Read moreDate of stay: October 2019HelpfulShare Response from MolinoStuckyHilton, General Manager at Hilton Molino Stucky Venice HotelResponded Oct 10, 2019Dear Guest, Thank you for posting a detailed review on TripAdvisor and for sharing your opinion on the Hilton Molino Stucky. In the first place please accept our apologies if a member of our staff was not up to the level of care and attention expected at a Hilton property and never feel neglected. All Guests should receive the high level of service for which Hilton hotels are renowned and inappropriate attitudes cannot be accepted. I will personally make sure we improve the training and that the Hilton hospitality spirit is extended at any time to every Guest. We would like to take this opportunity to confirm that every room in our hotel  is provided with kettle and coffee/tea selection. The items are placed in the drawer just in front of the bed and we are sorry that you missed them. Although you express some disappointment, we hope we will have the opportunity to welcome you again and regain your confidence in our brand here in Venice by demonstrating the high level of service we are renowned for. Best regards,  Ilio Rodoni General Manager  Read more