We booked 2 rooms and had requested they be either connecting or close together. On check-in we were informed that we had been given connecting rooms -- great! -- and that would be an extra 90 euros per night, thanks, discounted to 50. Still not so great! It transpired this was due to us having booked one view room and one non-view. In order for the rooms to be connecting, the non-view room would have to be upgraded and hence the extra cost. We didn't value the view for two rooms enough so declined to pay the extra, upon which it transpired it was then impossible for our two rooms to even be on the same floor, although there were plenty of non-view rooms available on our floor. So that was not well handled.  The rooms were both very comfortable, with high ceilings and spacious…Read moreDate of stay: April 2017HelpfulShare Response from MolinoStuckyHilton, General Manager at Hilton Molino Stucky Venice HotelResponded Apr 19, 2017Dear Guest, Thank you for posting a detailed review on TripAdvisor and for sharing your opinion on the Hilton Molino Stucky. It was very kind of you to mention our helpful Team Members and our Executive lounge which offers great views of the giudecca Canal. On the other hand we are sorry that you were not aware of the Alilaguna boat service from the airport to the hotel and I would like to confirm that this kind of service is a public boat line (Alilaguna blue line). Detailed information on transfers’ option from the airport and from the train station or cruise terminal is available in our website, at the Transportation section and is updated on a regular basis. For future reference, please do not hesitate to contact our Concierge Team, always at the service of our Guests for assistance and information, including transfers services on arrival. In regard to the special occasion that brought you to Venice, we always take special care for Guests staying with us for a special celebration. Information is normally given prior to arrival or connected with the reservation made which does not seem to have happened with your booking. We do regret the lack of information occurred. We have taken your comments to heart and we will certainly take in consideration your points in our Department Heads meeting. Guest feedback is a fundamental source to evaluate our efficiency and determine areas of improvement in service. Although you express some disappointment, I hope we will have the opportunity to welcome you back in the not too distant future so that we can demonstrate the high level of service we are renowned for. Sincerely,  Ilio Roodoni General Manager Read more