Arrived to building works outside room, even though it was such a sunny weekend they would not open roof terrace. The €22 brekkie they tried to charge €30 each which was incredible thinking of the poor quality and undrinkable coffee! Water - charging €6 .. when they didn't top up mini bar charged €8 to deliver €6 water to room! Fuming  Also taxi too & from town are a pain... so overall it's a no no   My husband spent soo much for a present .... if the pool was open - then maybe - but because of lack of convenience I vote no Read moreDate of stay: April 2017HelpfulShare Response from MolinoStuckyHilton, General Manager at Hilton Molino Stucky Venice HotelResponded Apr 19, 2017Dear Madame, Thank you very much for having taken the time to share with us your evaluation concerning your recent stay at Hilton Molino Stucky Venice. Please accept our apologies for the inconveniences you have experienced, we are sorry that our service was not up to your expectations. I would like to take this opportunity to confirm that information on the seasonal opening of our pool is available in our website where it is specified that opening is seasonal, usually from mid May to mid September depending on weather conditions. We are sorry if this was unclear and that you were expecting the pool to be open. However - though the weather was good in the last weeks and temperatures were much higher than usual - winters/springs can be rather cold in Venice with low temperatures. For this reason, while our Skyline Bar and terraces are open every day throughout the year, the pool area opens in the later Spring. We acknowledge your comments on prices, though I can also assure you that prices of food and beverage in our bars and restaurants are in line with other 5-stars hotels in Venice. Thank you for being or Guest and for your feedback, which is a fundamental source to evaluate our efficiency and determine areas of improvement in service. Although you express some disappointment, I hope we will have the opportunity to welcome you back in the not too distant future so that we can demonstrate the high level of service we are renowned for. Sincerely,  Ilio Rodoni  General Manager Read more