Overall a nice enough hotel, rooms were pleasant but nothing special (and poor lighting) and staff were generally helpful.  Coming back to review I was surprised it is ranked as 5* as I would have expected 4*.  On the plus side the hotel is cheap for this standard in Venice and has good facilities with the rooftop pool and bar and gym and spa.  The payoff for this is that it is located on Guidecca meaning a short boat trip is required to get to the main attractions in Venice.  However there were a few things which let them down on our trips:  Firstly while we were there several conferences were on and so on arrival we were told the rooftop bar was shut for a private event (and actually was also shut the previous night too).  As the pool was not open despite it being quite warm…Read moreDate of stay: April 2017HelpfulShare Response from MolinoStuckyHilton, General Manager at Hilton Molino Stucky Venice HotelResponded Apr 12, 2017Dear Guest, We are sorry to hear that you feel this way, however we are most appreciative of your TripAdvisor review regarding your stay at our hotel. You can be assured that we are most concerned our establishment did not offer you the usual standards expected by Guests at Hilton and we appreciate being advised of any breach in the usual service for which our hotel is noted. I would like to take this opportunity to confirm that our property follows the Hilton International standards: complimentary internet is therefore available for all Guests in the public areas and for Hilton Honors members also in the room while non members can chose in between two different offers. May I suggest that you enroll to our Hilton Honors program on your next stay in a Hilton property in order to get free internet access also in your room. I would like also to advise that information on the seasonal opening of our rooftop pool is available in our website where it is specified that opening is seasonal, usually from mid May to mid September and we are sorry if this was unclear and that you were expecting the pool to be open; however - though the weather was nice in the last weeks and temperatures were much higher than usual - winters are rather cold in Venice with freezing temperatures. For this reason, while our Skyline Bar and terraces are open every day throughout the year, the pool area opens in the later Spring. We are also sorry if the location on Giudecca was not entirely to your expectations: it is true that we are not located right in the city centre, but we are only a few minutes away from the main Venice attractions and Guests can still enjoy the vicinity from a quiet and relaxing residential area. Beside our shuttle boat, which has frequent and regular rides, ACTV public transport station is only a few minutes’ walk away and connects any part of Venice with departures every 12 minutes. Once again thank you for your feedback which is a fundamental source to evaluate our efficiency and determine areas of improvement in service. We do hope that despite your disappointment on this occasion, we will have the opportunity of welcoming you back in the future. Best regards,  Ilio Rodoni General ManagerRead more