This is a very upscale Americanized big hotel that in my opinion does not offer the cultural experience of being in Venice.    If you want to stay at a high end, very safe feeling, hotel will al the amenities you would expect at the best New York or San Francisco has to offer then this may be your place.    Honestly, I thought that is what I wanted when I booked our stay here, but after a few other stays at smaller, more quaint venues across other parts of Europe, I have come to appreciate the exposure to lifestyles, personalities and expectations that differ from my own.    The shuttle from here to the square and across the canal to the smaller more local parts of Venice is very nice.  This is a great place to see the cruise ships coming in and going out of the port. The…Read moreDate of stay: August 2016HelpfulShare Response from MolinoStuckyHilton, General Manager at Hilton Molino Stucky Venice HotelResponded Mar 31, 2017Dear Sir, Thank you very much for posting a review about us on TripAdvisor. We are delighted that our services met with your expectations and that you enjoyed your stay with us as well as the facilities and services offered in the hotel and on the Giudecca island. With regards to the architecture and restoration of this impressive old building, which dates back to the 19th century, may I take this opportunity to inform that the project was designed and approved following strict rules and regulations in compliance with the environmental and artistic restrictions applied to an ancient and monumental complex protected by local authorities. The structure still has the typical features of the old industrial architecture which are usually very appreciated by our Guests. The Ministry of Cultural Heritage took care of the conversion making sure to preserve the majority of the original elements of the ancient mill. We place great value on your opinion and hope we may look forward to welcoming you with us again in a not too far distance.   Best regards,   Ilio Rodoni General Manager  Read more