Top quality huge 'resort style' hotel, based away from central Venice on its own separate island.  Location is critical to this hotel - on the big plus side it's quiet and away from the tourist madness of central Venice, on the possible down side you have to get a hotel water bus to go into central Venice - it means you get a lovely boat ride twice a day, ok going out, but we found it a little limiting coming back after a day out.  This was our 4th visit to Venice, and we usually stay at either the Danielli, Gritti or an apartment. We love to get up early/stay up late and walk around the heart of the city - but due to location and timings of the hotel water taxi shuttle this was not possible unless we either caught public transport or private water taxi, and wish I had thought…Read moreDate of stay: March 2017HelpfulShare Response from MolinoStuckyHilton, General Manager at Hilton Molino Stucky Venice HotelResponded Mar 21, 2017Dear Guest, First of all we would like to thank you for taking the time to let us have your impressions about your visit at Hilton Molino Stucky Venice. It was very kind of you to mention our professional and helpful Team Members for which we pride ourselves. They are indeed the Heart of our Hospitality! On another note, we are sorry if the location in Giudecca was not entirely to your expectations; it is true that we are not located right in the city centre, but we are only a few minutes away from the main Venice attractions and Guests can still enjoy the vicinity from a quiet and relaxing residential area. Also, I am sorry that you did not like our Executive Lounge which offers nice views on the Giudecca Canal and Venice. I would like to take this opportunity to confirm that the selection of food and beverage is made available to Guests following the international standards applied to all hotels of the Hilton group. We acknowledge and appreciate your constructive criticism as Guest feedback is a fundamental source to evaluate our efficiency and determine areas of improvement in service. Thank you for staying with us and we hope we may have the opportunity of welcoming you back in the future.  With kind regards, Ilio Rodoni General ManagerRead more