The hotel was beautiful itself, however having a king deluxe room, we expected it to be a lot bigger than it was and also our view was not great. There was also no mention when booking the hotel of a €60 deposit aswell as paying city tax; felt as if we'd been rinsed of our money as soon as we got there. Furthermore, it's been well over a week with multiple unhelpful phone calls to the hotel and we have still have not received our deposit back as it is still frozen by the hotel which has never been a problem with any other Hilton hotels we have stayed at. It is also worth mentioning that I tried to withdraw €40 from the ATM machine in the hotel, however this money was not released from the machine and when we told reception, we weren't believed and felt we were dealt with very…Read moreDate of stay: February 2017HelpfulShare Response from MolinoStuckyHilton, General Manager at Hilton Molino Stucky Venice HotelResponded Mar 3, 2017Dear Madame, Thank you for posting your comments on TripAdvisor. In the first place please accept our apologies if a member of our staff was not up to the level of care and attention expected at a Hilton property as this should never happen. All Guests should receive the high level of service for which Hilton hotels are renowned and never feel neglected. With regards to the the inconveniences you are experiencing with the pre-authorization amounts charged to your credit card (which should be considered as temporary transactions and not sales), we are pleased to confirm that these are always automatically released on check-out and the hotel does not hold any deposit after that. The procedure is an international common practice which is applied by major brands, as well as in all Hilton hotels worldwide. Please do not hesitate in contacting us directly at VCEHI_Reception@hilton.com if the amount is still blocked in order for us to contact  the relevant office to process a request to release it. We have taken your comments to heart and we will certainly take in consideration your points in our Department Heads meeting. Guest feedback is a fundamental source to evaluate our efficiency and determine areas of improvement in service and we truly hope you will give us another chance to serve you. Sincerely,  Ilio Roodoni General Manager Read more