We were so excited to arrive in Venice a day early to explore before boarding our cruise. Upon first look, its a magnificent hotel in appearance but you soon realize its isolated from "city center" of Venice and all thats happening.   Lets start with a few positives:  -free transportation to San Marco -great black out shades  But unfortunately the downsides were greater: -nothing on the island worth seeing where the hotel is -pool closes MUCH too early - with such a beautiful rooftop its a shame -TOO expensive for a hard bed; awkaward room configuration (for example a shower/tub combo with no door or Curtain...try not to flood the bathroom -almost $500 USD for the night - and no the breakfast buffet is not included -TV has very little English speaking channels (not a huge deal…Read moreDate of stay: August 20192 Helpful votesHelpfulShare Response from MolinoStuckyHilton, General Manager at Hilton Molino Stucky Venice HotelResponded Sep 25, 2019Dear Guest, Thank you for taking the time to let us have your impressions about your visit at the Hilton Molino Stucky. We are sorry if our location did not entirely meet your expectations, however the Giudecca island is closer to the city centre and St. Mark’s Square than other areas in town. Besides our shuttle and private water taxies, the ACTV public transport (vaporetto / line 2) station is only a few minutes’ walk away and connects any part of Venice with departures every 12 minutes. On the next occasion we would suggest a visit of the Giudecca island, where you will discover a mix of 17th century houses, beautiful Gothic palaces, modern buildings and old factories from the early 19th century which were restored by important architects. The area has a burgeoning reputation as a hub of artistic activity and a lovely place to visit is the waterfront or fondamenta, alongside the Giudecca Canal. It is lined with numerous cafés, art galleries and restaurants, some of them belonging to the old Venetian cooking tradition, which we will be glad to recommend at the next opportunity of a visit in Venice. We thank you for being our Guest and we hope to welcome you again in the near future. Sincerely,  Ilio Rodoni  General Manager Read more