When we booked this hotel it was less than half the price of the other 5 star hotels in Venice and when I looked at the reviews I was not expecting a 5 star experience. However, considering what we paid I thought it was fantastic! The hotel itself is beautiful. The rooftop pool is small for the size of the hotel but not very busy (at least when we were there)... lots of reviews say you have to pay for WiFi but I signed in as a guest and got on ok with good connectivity. The main “downside” to the hotel is that it is not on the main island so you have to get a boat to get to all the tourist attractions. The boat is €9.50 per person for the duration of your stay which I thought was good value. The shuttle does not take long and drops you off in the heart of the action. Factor in…Read moreDate of stay: September 2019HelpfulShare Response from MolinoStuckyHilton, General Manager at Hilton Molino Stucky Venice HotelResponded Sep 25, 2019Dear Guest, thank you very much for your kind comments on TripAdvisor. We are delighted to read that you had a pleasant stay with us and it was very kind of you to mention your 5 stars experience at Hilton Molino Stucky. In regard to your comments on the size of the pool on the rooftop terrace, we would like to confirm that the restoration project of this building was designed and approved following strict rules and regulations in compliance with the environmental and artistic restrictions applied to an ancient and monumental complex protected by local authorities. The structure still has the typical features of the old industrial architecture, which has certainly affected the project with some restraints when developing the leisure proposal, including our rooftop pool area. I would like to take this occasion to confirm as well that our Guests are charged 8,50 € per person per stay to use our shuttle boat. Thank you again for your kind comments and we all look forward to welcoming you soon again in Venice. Best regards  Ilio Rodoni General ManagerRead more