Well my partner and I where expecting to have a classy room in the best hotel in Venice given the price we paid. And when we first arrived it seems picture perfect. However. The door beside the bed didn't close properly. If you move chairs you find ripped wall paper. The bathroom was cold meaning a warm bath turned chilling very quickly. The TV took so long in response of pressing buttons on the remote control we gave up entirely and just left it on the radio station.   We where only told about the charge for the main pool once walking down with our swimwear ready. €20 each for two hours just to go for a swim, and the roof top pool was closed. The only meal I had I was in need to send back for undercooked chicken, although waiter staff where exceptional in dealing with it.  Once…Read moreDate of stay: December 2016HelpfulShare Response from MolinoStuckyHilton, General Manager at Hilton Molino Stucky Venice HotelResponded Jan 2, 2017Dear Madame, Thank you for posting your comments on TripAdvisor. We always endeavour to offer the highest level of service and it would appear that on this occasion we failed to meet your expectations. Your comments will of course be forwarded to the relevant management for their attention. We are sorry for the inconveniences you are experiencing with the pre-authorization amounts charged to your credit card (which should be considered as temporary transactions and not sales) and we confirm that these are always automatically released on check-out and the hotel does not hold any deposit after that. The procedure is an international common practice which is applied by major brands, as well as in all Hilton hotels worldwide. Please do not hesitate in contacting us directly if the amount is still blocked as we can get in contact with the preauthorization office to process a request to release it. Although you express some disappointment, I hope we will have the opportunity to welcome you back in the not too distant future so that we can demonstrate the high level of service we are renowned for Best regards,  Ilio Rodoni General Manager Read more