I booked the Molino Stucky as part of a trip to celebrate my partners birthday. We travelled during the last full week of August and was originally booked in for 3 nights. From Marco Polo we splashed out and took a water taxi (recommended by the hotel, for 110 Euro) direct. It was simply the BEST way to arrive in Venice and you feel like you’re in a Bond movie. Flying across the lagoon and then slowing down for your entrance into the canals of Venice, veering into the Gran Canal for a while and then back through the side streets until you cross the Giudecca Canal and arrive at the hotel.    Upon our arrival we were quickly and warmly greeted, and told our room would be ready for an early check in by 1pm. We had a room on the 7th floor, with a view of Venice which was just breath…Read moreDate of stay: August 2016HelpfulShare Response from MolinoStuckyHilton, General Manager at Hilton Molino Stucky Venice HotelResponded Sep 13, 2016Dear Sir, Thank you very much for the positive review and for the detailed information about our hotel which will be very helpful for every traveller who will decide to stay with us. We were delighted to see that our services met with your approval and that you enjoyed your stay with us. Your kind comments have been shared with the entire Team. I would like to take this opportunity to inform you that our Concierge suggests to take the Alilaguna blue line for Lido only because it is easier for our guests as the stop is just outside the hotel door and it goes directly there. To get to Lido with ACTV public line one must instead go to San Marco and then change pier and take another water bus. There is no other reason from our side than offer the easiest travel solution to our guests, you can trust me. We also acknowledge your comments on prices, though I can also assure you that prices of food and beverage in our bars and restaurants are in line with other 5-stars hotels in Venice. We thank you for being our guest and we hope to have the chance to welcome you soon again. Sincerely,  Ilio Rodoni  General Manager Read more