There is a lot to write about this place both good and bad so bare with me. Considering Hilton make such a big deal of their Hhonours program, I can tell you that even as a Diamond member we received NO special treatment what so ever. Even getting a 1hr late checkout seemed an issue with the staff knocking on our door the moment the clock turned 12pm to turf us out. One of the main 'selling' points of the hotel is that it is off the main island and although the boats do run regularly be prepared to be left standing on the waters edge for a further 30mins should one fill up. Now that is out the way....this place really is very very good. Although missing the boat back can be a pain, its worth it purely because the hotel is that much quieter than staying on the main island. The…Read moreDate of stay: July 2016HelpfulShare Response from MolinoStuckyHilton, General Manager at Hilton Molino Stucky Venice HotelResponded Jul 29, 2016Dear Sir, Thank you very much for sharing your experience with us and for posting your comments on TripAdvisor. We always endeavour to offer the highest level of service and it would appear that on this occasion we failed to meet your expectations. Your comments will of course be forwarded to the relevant management for their attention. I am truly sorry that we were not able to offer a late check-out but as you know it is upon availabity and we are indeed experiencing a very busy Summer season so far. May I take this opportunity to confirm that the safety of our guest is our most important priority and I would like to reassure you about the safety of our pool area. I am glad to inform you that we have no recent record of any guest falling and hitting their faces and I would obviously had been informed. This said, a lifeguard as well as first aid trained team members are always present upon pool opening hours. We acknowledge and appreciate your constructive criticism as it will help us to improve the quality of the service offered to our guests and, although you express some disappointment, I hope we will have the opportunity to welcome you again and regain your confidence in our brand here in Venice by demonstrating the high level of service we are renowned for. Best regards,  Ilio Rodoni General Manager Read more