This hotel is located off the main island and is surrounded on two sides by deralict buildings and wasteland. I cant understand why a 7up at the pool bar at 7euros is more than at the restaurants 6Euros.  But anyway the main problem is that been an old building there is no soundproofing at all between rooms and i mean none. Our first room had a young family next door and the interconnecting door did nothing to stop the endkess noise so we were moved no problem to another part of the hotel where the ceiling was actually the old wood from the original Flour mill. The problem is that the interconnecting walls did not reach right to the ceiling (or had sunk away in time) leaving a gap, so you could hear every word and i mean every word as clear as day from the room next door. Not…Read moreDate of stay: July 2016HelpfulShare Response from MolinoStuckyHilton, General Manager at Hilton Molino Stucky Venice HotelResponded Jul 28, 2016Dear Sir, We are sorry to hear that you feel this way, however we are most appreciative of your TripAdvisor review regarding your stay at our hotel. On Giudecca island visitors can discover a mix of 17th century houses, beautiful Gothic palaces, modern buildings and old factories from the early 19th century which were restored by important architects. The area hosts a number of good and renowned restaurants, some of them belonging to the old Venetian cooking tradition, which we will be glad to recommend at the next opportunity of a visit in Venice. We apologise for the inconvenience regarding the noise and we are delighted to inform you that we have a project running to improve this. We also acknowledge your comments on prices, though I can also assure you that prices of food and beverage in our bars and restaurants are in line with other 5-stars hotels in Venice. Although you express some disappointment, I hope we will have the opportunity to welcome you back in the not too distant future so that we can demonstrate the high level of service we are renowned for. Sincerely,  Ilio Rodoni  General Manager Read more