We stayed at a busy time (July) and everything was fine provided that you did not need any extra service. There was a long wait for things like an ironing board to be brought to your room, or for breakfast orders for anything not standard.  On the plus side, the room was very quiet, and the general amenities good.  The location is quite close to the #2 "vaporetto" route if you go out of the back of the hotel (through the goods entrance). This route is only about 20 minutes away from the bus or rail station. There is also a hotel shuttle to St Marks square which you probably only want to see once, but you can change there for the "vaporetti". There is really very little to see that you can walk to, but the hotel has a pool and gym. We went on the "free" trip to see the glass…Read moreDate of stay: July 2016HelpfulShare Response from MolinoStuckyHilton, General Manager at Hilton Molino Stucky Venice HotelResponded Jul 28, 2016Dear Guest,  Thank you very much for posting your positive review on TripAdvisor and for letting us know how we are meeting your expectations. We are particularly glad you enjoyed our property and its history. For us it is such an interesting characteristic of our hotel and we are very happy that our guests love it as much as we do. Summer is indeed a very busy period in Venice and I would indeed suggest to visit our romantic city also during Winter time, November can be really nice and less crowdy for sure!  On that occasion I think that you should visit the Giudecca island where you will discover a mix of 17th century houses, beautiful Gothic palaces, modern buildings and old factories from the early 19th century which were restored by important architects. The area hosts a number of good and renowned restaurants, some of them belonging to the old Venetian cooking tradition, which we will be glad to recommend. We thank you for being our Guest and we hope to welcome you again in the near future. Sincerely,  Ilio Rodoni  General Manager Read more