We recently stayed at the Hilton Molino Stucky and we can't fault the location and quality of facilities when they are available for guests to enjoy.  In our 4 day stay the rooftop pool was shut for Health and Safety Reasons for a day due to the possibility that it may rain further. It was shut as it had rained in the morning which was followed by six hours of glorious sunshine but still remained closed due to the tiles around the poolside providing a slippy hazard.  The rooftop tiled bar with retracted roof because of the sunshine remained open during the above closure of the pool.  The next day with similar weather the pool opened and had a balustrade repaired by workmen using stihl saws with no safety goggles or cordoned off area, the lifeguard cleaning glass while perched on…Read moreDate of stay: June 2016HelpfulShare Response from MolinoStuckyHilton, General Manager at Hilton Molino Stucky Venice HotelResponded Jun 30, 2016Dear Sir, Thank you very much for having taken the time to share your feedback concerning your recent stay at Hilton Molino Stucky Venice. It is true that we close the rooftop pool due to health and safety reasons when it rains and I thank you for the information pertaining to the workmen. We do take health and safety very seriously, both for guests and team members. This said we were probably a bit over cautious during your visit in keeping the pool terrace closed and have since decided to reopen the terrace should the weather change during the day. I was  happy to hear that you enjoyed the views from the roof top bar. Unfortunately the weekend prior to your visit Venice was subjected to a big storm that tore the retractable roof off its tracks as such we were unable to cover one side of the terrace when it rained, this has since been rectified. During your visit this limited the space available in the bar to only one terrace and I apologise for the inconvenience you encountered. As in many hotels there are guest questionnaires available to guests to highlight both the good and bad aspects of the services available or to highlight a specific team member service and guests are invited to compete them or not upon their discretion. Again, thank you for your comments and should you visit Venice again in the future please do make direct contact with us so that we can ensure that you are looked after.  Kind regards,  Ilio Rodoni General Manager  Read more