This hotel is clean, modern, and ok, but we really didn't understand what all the fuss and glowing reviews were all about - it's acceptable, but it's completely generic and without charm, so-so service, and the view from our suite of a brick wall was frankly depressing.  The prior review that wrote "prison block" hit it dead-on, that's what this place looks like with an endless warren and maze of little cells and winding turns here and there finally to find your room.  While we were here it was stuffed to the gills with conventions and tour groups milling around, which made getting breakfast, checking out, etc. a challenge as there were so many masses of people milling around clogging up the facility, not to mention the fact that these package groups were more important than…Read moreDate of stay: June 2016HelpfulShare Response from MolinoStuckyHilton, General Manager at Hilton Molino Stucky Venice HotelResponded Jun 13, 2016Dear Guest, Thank you for having taken the time to share with us your impressions about your visit with your family at Hilton Molino Stucky Venice.  Our aim is to provide each and every guest with a wonderful and memorable experience and I am sorry that this was not evident in your case. We have taken your comments to heart and we will certainly take in consideration your points in our Department Heads meetings. In the meantime, I am pleased to reply to your concerns in detail as follows: - I am very sorry for the lack of service your have experienced on arrival here at the hotel with your luggage: I have addressed the issue to the Front Office to improve the assistance to our guests. With regards to the arrival in Piazzale Roma, I confirm that we do not have a luggage service from there to the boat piers but this can be arranged with the driver who will call an authorized porter.  - With regards to the Family Suite which was not up to your expectations, I confirm that our hotel has various and different levels of rooms, from standard to deluxe and executive rooms and suites with and without view. Would you visit us again in the future, we will be pleased to accommodate you and your family in a Suite, which I am sure you will find more in line with your requirements; - I am disappointed that you did not not enjoy our Breakfast experience as we keep receiving lovely feedback from our guests. With regards to the chairs, please accept our apologies as the original ones are in the process of being renovated and I regret you did not like the temporary chairs which we are using in the meantime and should be replaced with the new ones mid June; -  I feel sorry about the impression you had during your check-out and please accept our apologies if a member of our staff was not up to the level of care and attention expected at a Hilton property as this should never happen. All guests should receive the high level of service for which Hilton hotels are renowned and never feel neglected; - Please accept our apologies for the inconvenience caused with the in room phone and thank you for pointing out the shortage of adequate amenities and supplies in the room. I have immediately addressed both issues to our Maintenance and Housekeeping departments. We acknowledge and appreciate your constructive criticism as it will help us to improve the quality of the service offered. Guest feedback is a fundamental source to evaluate our efficiency and determine areas of improvement in service. Although you express some disappointment, I hope we will have the opportunity to welcome you and your family back in the not too distant future so that we can demonstrate the high level of service we are renowned for. Best regards,   Ilio Rodoni  General Manager  Read more