Service:  The women working the front desk were not welcoming upon our arrival and could not provide accurate information regarding our reservation. First, she couldn't locate my HHonors account information which entitled us to free wifi and second, she tried to argue with me and tell me that breakfast was not included in the reservation I selected (ultimately, we did not end up getting charged).  Location:  The hotel is located on Giudecca which is not the main part of Venice. From the train station to the hotel, it is a about a 30 minute water bus ride and 10-minute walk. The hotel offers a free shuttle that runs pretty frequently so getting to and from the major attractions is pretty easy.   Food: We used room-service twice and also ordered cocktails at the Skybar. The food…Read moreDate of stay: May 2016HelpfulShare Response from MolinoStuckyHilton, General Manager at Hilton Molino Stucky Venice HotelResponded Jun 3, 2016Dear Madame, Thank you very much for having taken the time to share on TripAdvisor your evaluation concerning your recent stay at Hilton Molino Stucky Venice and for letting us know how we are meeting your expectations. In the first place please accept our apologies if a member of our staff was not up to the level of care and attention expected at a Hilton property as this should never happen. All guests should receive the high level of service for which Hilton hotels are renowned and be reassured that I have shared your comments with the Front Office Manager to avoid similar incidents in the future. I would like to take this opportunity to confirm that the Giudecca island hosts a number of good and excellent restaurants, some of them belonging to the old Venetian cooking tradition, which we will be glad to recommend at the next opportunity of a visit in Venice. We have taken your comments to heart and we will certainly take in consideration your points in our Department Heads meeting.  Guest feedback is a fundamental source to evaluate our efficiency and determine areas of improvement in service.  We look forward to welcoming you with us again in the near future. Sincerely,  Ilio Roodoni General Manager Read more