We booked 3 rooms to stay here for 2 nights at an astronomical cost of £2,400. We thought we would get premium service and a nice hotel - but it was not meant to be -  so please look at my photos, because this "4 star hotel" is disgusting.  LOCATION First off, getting to this hotel is a real pain. You can either pay 120 euro for a shuttle boat, or 16 euro which involves a 30 minute bus ride, and then a vaporetto water taxi which takes you all around the west side of Venice for a futher 45 minutes. By the time we arrived we just wanted to have a drink and relax....but wait for it...here comes the check in...  CHECK IN Upon checking in the staff were very very very unfriendly and once passports were handed over and photocopied they demanded a credit card, charged at 50 Euro as a…Read moreDate of stay: May 2016HelpfulShare Response from MolinoStuckyHilton, General Manager at Hilton Molino Stucky Venice HotelResponded Jun 3, 2016Dear Guest, We are sorry to hear that you feel this way, however we are most appreciative of your TripAdvisor review regarding your stay at our hotel. You can be assured that we are most concerned our establishment did not offer you the usual standards expected by guests at Hilton. We appreciate being advised of any breach in the usual service for which our hotel is noted. I would like to take this opportunity to confirm that the deposit procedure is an international common practice which is applied by major hotel brands, as well as in all Hilton hotels worldwide. I regret that you did not like the Giudecca island which is a mix of 17th century houses, beautiful Gothic palaces, modern buildings and old factories from the early 19th century which were restored by important architects. The area hosts a number of good and renowned restaurants, some of them belonging to the old Venetian cooking tradition, which we will be glad to recommend at the next opportunity of a visit in Venice. Your comments are being reviewed and we are looking forward to welcoming you again, not only at Hilton Molino Stucky Venice but also at any of our other Hilton hotels.   Best regards,  Ilio Rodoni General Manager Read more