The Molino Stucky Venice is a huge hotel.  Their web site doesn't say how many rooms but there are hundreds, it combines several buildings and encompasses the equivalent of a city block in NYC.  That said, I will forgo the prose and offer some very specific tips.  1.  The hotel is on the island of Guidecca across the canal from St. Marks Square.  The hotel offers a dedicated shuttle service to it.  The shuttle runs every 40 minutes during the day and every 20 minutes after 6:00 pm.  It gets crowded to the point of being filled leaving you to wait or take the public vapoertto or water taxi.  Which also gets filled to the point where you get physically crammed in like the Tokyo subway.  2.  The 8th floor bar is the highlight of this hotel offering a panoramic view of St. Marks and…Read moreDate of stay: May 2016HelpfulShare Response from MolinoStuckyHilton, General Manager at Hilton Molino Stucky Venice HotelResponded May 11, 2016Dear Guest,  Thank you very much for having taken the time to share with us your positive comments concerning your stay at Hilton Molino Stucky Venice.  We also acknowledge and appreciate your criticism as it will help us to improve the quality of the service offered to our guests. I confirm that our property, an ancient building which was originally a flour mill and factory, has been restored and reconverted to the biggest hotel in Venice with 379 rooms and suites. It represents one of the most important pieces of industrial architecture in Italy. Though not typically Venetian in style, it is a milestone in the XIX century architecture. I would like to apologize for your unpleasant dining experience and be reassured that I have immediately shared your comments with both our Executive Chef and F&B Manager in order to avoid such inconveniences again in the future. We place great value on your opinion and hope we may look forward to welcoming you with us again in a not too far distance, maybe during Winter time when our beautiful city is for sure less crowded and still very romantic. Best regards,   Ilio Rodoni General Manager  Read more