Both my wife and I are big Hilton fans and both of us are Diamond members. We read many reviews and noticed a lot of Diamond members complaining about the Stuckey. I have to say, I did not let them affect my choice to spend our three nights here but I should have. We reserved 5 months ago. Upon arrival, the desk clerk apologized for our room but said that a conference had come and taken all the suits. She added that we would have a "slight view" and it was actually better than that. However, the room was quite small and no upgrade was available .   The pool is still closed " because there was too much rain in April" they said. Th Executive lounge seems to have crackers and water but not much for food. A cappuccino was $6 euro but $1.35 euro on the street in Venice and also on…Read moreDate of stay: May 2016HelpfulShare Response from MolinoStuckyHilton, General Manager at Hilton Molino Stucky Venice HotelResponded May 9, 2016Dear Sir, Thank you very much for sharing your experience with us and for posting your comments on TripAdvisor. We always endeavour to offer the highest level of service and it would appear that on this occasion we failed to meet your expectations. Your comments will of course be forwarded to the relevant management for their attention. I am truly sorry that we were not able to upgrade your reservation to a suite but as you know, complimentary upgrades are upon availability and we are facing a very busy Spring already. On the other hand I am pleased that our Front Office offered you an accommodation to your satisfaction even if smaller than what you had expected. May I take this opportunity to to confirm that information on the seasonal opening of our pool is available in our website, where it is specified that opening is seasonal, from mid May to September. I feel sorry that you were disappointed but I can assure you that it has never been open before that period of the year. We acknowledge and appreciate your constructive criticism as it will help us to improve the quality of the service offered to our guests and, although you express some disappointment, I hope we will have the opportunity to welcome you again and regain your confidence in our brand here in Venice by demonstrating the high level of service we are renowned for. Best regards,  Ilio Rodoni General Manager Read more