My husband and I stayed here for 2 nights this week.  Would I stay again?  Yep.  Do they need to work on some things?  Yep.  Pros-  1. Beautiful building with an interesting history 2. Small fee for unlimited access to the Hilton shuttle (beware they have multiple boats and some don't say Hilton.  If it arrives at the dock at the time the Hilton shuttle is expected, just ask.) 3, The Nutella crepes were delicious and looked like a work of art. 4. The concierge was helpful with making us reservations at an affordable restaurant (Taverna San Travosa) with excellent food and drinks. 5. The complimentary access to the executive lounge for being a HH Diamond member was very convenient.  Cons: 1. Lost my reservation but luckily I always print the confirmation page.  As a diamond…Read moreDate of stay: May 2016HelpfulShare Response from MolinoStuckyHilton, General Manager at Hilton Molino Stucky Venice HotelResponded May 5, 2016Dear Madame, Thank you very much for your nice comments and feedback on the hotel’s facilities. We are pleased that you enjoyed your stay at Hilton Molino Stucky Venice and that you appreciated our Staff and hospitality. I will personally share your kind words of appraisal with our Concierge Team who will be delighted to know that you appreciated their dining suggestions. We are particularly glad you enjoyed our property and its history as for us it is such an interesting characteristic of our hotel and we are very happy that our guests love it as much as we do. In regard to your accommodation, we  are sorry that you were not satisfied with you first room and I am glad to read that our Front Office colleagues managed in relocating you to another room which was more suitable to your needs. I would like also to apologize for your unpleasant experience at our SPA, we have had some technical issues with a pipe that could not be foreseen in order to inform our Guest in advance. I thank you for mentioning the unconcerned behaviour of one of the attendands and be reassured that I will follow-up with our SPA Manager in order to improve the trainings. We acknowledge and appreciate your comments and criticism as they will help us to improve the quality of the service offered to our Guest and we look forward to welcoming you soon again to Venice. Sincerely,  Ilio Rodoni General Manager Read more