Access to this hotel if arriving by public water bus is not great. We got off the stop before and had to walk over the bridge to the hotel which then led us in to the back of the hotel which seemed odd to me as there is no signage. Standard King room was ok, few things broken like the bath plug and the bin. Also no robes provided in the room. Hotel shuttle to San Marco Sq charges which I thought was free. Breakfast is great but very pricey. The mini bar try to avoid a San Pellegrino was €8 and then was charged for extra which we did not have upon check out. Not a great hotel if you want to be in the center of everything. Read moreReview collected in partnership with Hilton Hotels & ResortsDate of stay: April 2016HelpfulShare Response from MolinoStuckyHilton, General Manager at Hilton Molino Stucky Venice HotelResponded Apr 29, 2016Dear Guest, Thank you for having taken the time to share with us your impressions about your visit at the Hilton Molino Stucky Venice. Our aim is to provide each and every Guest with a wonderful and memorable experience and I am sorry that this was not evident in your case. We are sorry if the location on Giudecca island was not entirely to your expectations; It is true that  we are not located right in the city centre, but we are only a few minutes away from the main Venice attractions and Guests can still enjoy the vicinity from a quiet and relaxing residential area. May I take this opportunity to explain the invoicing procedures of the minibar: our Minibars have an automatic billing system. When items are removed (to store for instance other products) or moved for a minimum time (20 seconds), the corresponding amount is automatically added to the hotel bill. For this reason Guests are always asked at check-out if they have used the minibar. In case of a negative reply, if a minibar item appears in the invoice, it is automatically deleted and not charged. We do hope that despite your disappointment on this occasion, we will  have the opportunity of welcoming you back in the future. Best regards,  Ilio Rodoni General Manager  Read more