This Hotel has a loverly outset, the rooms are nice.   But in our opinion that is where the niceties end.   Customer service is limited if you have a concern, if you do have a problem don't waste your time like we did and speak with someone on the desk, or manager at night. Speak with with the Guest relations manager during the day. If it is the same person we had they are good.   IF you are going to Venice at peak season don't use this hotel if you are going to rely on the shuttle boat. We went in April and on two occasions people were denied entry as it was full ( they had to wait a further 30 / 40 minutes).   Also breakfast was average. In the middle of our stay, the breakfast people were just keeping their heads above water. I would hate to see it when they are at capacity. …Read moreDate of stay: April 2016HelpfulShare Response from MolinoStuckyHilton, General Manager at Hilton Molino Stucky Venice HotelResponded Apr 29, 2016Dear Guest, Thank you for posting an exhaustive review on TripAdvisor. We appreciate the time you took to share your opinion on the Hilton Molino Stucky and it is kind of you to let us know how we are meeting your expectations. I am sorry to learn that you were disappointed with your recent stay at the hotel and I understand that we failed in many other areas. I am sorry that our Executive Lounge was not up to your expectations and I do apologize for the lack of care and attention from our Housekeeping Staff, I have informed our Executive Housekeeper in order to make sure such things do not occur again. May I take this opportunity to confirm that the Venice City tax was introduced by the City Council on hotel stays since August 24th 2011. The amount for a five star hotel is of 5 Euro (in high season) or 3.50 Euro (in low season) per person per night, applicable for a maximum of 5 nights. Tax reductions and exemptions as follows: children under 10 years old are exempted, children between 10 to 16 years are entitled to a 50% reduction on the amount. The tax is not due to the hotel but to the city and it is payable only upon check out. We place great value on your opinion and hope you will give us another chance to serve you in the future. Best regards,   Ilio Rodoni General Manager  Read more