From the moment we checked in, the staff at the Molino Stucky couldn't have done  enough for us. We were a couple travelling last-minute and received first-class service all the way.   We thought the room facilities were excellent, with a chilled bottle of Prosecco awaiting us in our room. Mini-bar was well stocked, and the view was stunning. Room was cleaned to an exceptionally high standard too, which was lovely. The hotel used to be an old mill (the "Molino") belonging to a man named Stucky (see where it gets its name from!) and the decorations in the common areas, as well as the rooms, reflect its old heritage with wooden beams and cast iron supports sat alongside the more modern, opulent furnishing.  We used the main "Rialto" bar a couple of times, both great. Coffee was…Read moreDate of stay: April 2016HelpfulShare Response from MolinoStuckyHilton, General Manager at Hilton Molino Stucky Venice HotelResponded Apr 26, 2016Dear Guest, Thank you for posting an exhaustive review on TripAdvisor and for sharing your opinion on the Hilton Molino Stucky. It was a real pleasure to welcome you to our hotel, and we are glad that you enjoyed your stay in Venice. Receiving such nice feedback really motivates us and pushes us to do our best every day to make sure that all our Guests are as happy with our care as you are. That is why I am going to share your lovely words with the entire Team, as I am sure that they all will be equally pleased. We are particularly glad that you enjoyed our property and its history. For us it is such an interesting characteristic of our hotel and we are very happy that our Guests love it as much as we do. I am sorry that the experience at our restaurant Bacaromi didn't meet with your expectations as we usually receive lovely feedbacks and I have passed your comments onto the Executive Chef to review and do hope that should your plans bring you back this way, you will give us another chance to serve you.  We look forward to welcoming you again to our hotel and to Venice.  Kind regards,  Ilio Rodoni General ManagerRead more