After several email exchanges with Gabriele Graziosi I was able to secure a beautiful one bedroom suite with a view of Venice. Gabriele was extremely professional and upgraded us to include breakfast. Well done.    Arrived by hotel pick-up which consisted of a short van ride from the airport to a private luxury boat taxi transfer. That was a highlight for my boys. We rode standing up with the breeze and sea spray welcoming us to the island. When we arrived at the hotel there were several bellmen to greet us by name and take our bags into the hotel.    If you're looking for something boutique then this is not the hotel. The Hilton used to be a warehouse and was so massive we got lost several times just trying to find the elevator. Even though it is large, Carlos the concierge who…Read moreDate of stay: April 2016HelpfulShare Response from MolinoStuckyHilton, General Manager at Hilton Molino Stucky Venice HotelResponded Apr 26, 2016Dear Guest, Thank you for your kind comments and very exhaustive review on TripAdvisor in regard to your recent stay at Hilton Molino Venice with your children. I will personally relay your feedback to Gabriele, our Reservations Manager and Carlo our Head Concierge, who together with their colleagues will be glad to know that their efforts contributed to your enjoyable stay. We also appreciate your constructive criticism regarding the visit to Murano and we confirm that the transfer to Murano is a complimentary service, arranged in cooperation with a few of the most prestigious glass factories, featuring also a showroom, an exhibition area as well as a glass-blowing demonstration. Please accept our apologies as for no reason there should be any kind of pressure with regards to items purchasing and be reassured that I will follow-up with the factory owner immediately. Once again we thank you for your contribution, as it will help us to improve the quality of the service towards our Guests. We place great value on your opinion and we look forward to welcoming you and your family with us again in the near future. Sincerely,  Ilio Rodoni General Manager Read more