Upon entering Venice this hotel certainly stands out from the rest... It is a beautiful looking hotel both externally and internally.   The front door staff weren't available upon arrival to help us from our water taxis and out of the 5 days we were there they only got the door for us once.   The checkin was smooth and very quick but see my comments for check out for some concerns.   The room was absolutely gorgeous even though the view could have been better for what we paid we weren't too disappointed. The bed was extremely comfy and the pillows the finest I've laid my head on. The maids cleaned the room very well each day.   The wifi was a bit hit and miss and worked some days and not others.   We treated ourself to a drink in the main lounge and also skybar and were totally…Read moreDate of stay: April 2016HelpfulShare Response from MolinoStuckyHilton, General Manager at Hilton Molino Stucky Venice HotelResponded Apr 11, 2016Dear Sir, Thank you very much for the positive review on TripAdvisor I am pleased that your experience at the Hilton Molino Stucky Venice was positive and I would like to thank you especially you for your comments on the famous Hilton breakfast and for praising the Team Members at our Molino Restaurant who do every morning their best to let our Guests feel at home. On the other hand I am sorry that you have found prices at our bar to be expensive, though I would like to assure you that they are in line with other 5-star hotels in Venice. May I take this opportunity to confirm that the Rooftop Pool is indeed open on a seasonal basis (usually from aprox. mid May to aprox. mid September), however the Skyline Bar and terraces are open every day of the year (from 5 PM until after midnight) and our Guests can enjoy a unique and spectacular view over the city of Venice and its lagoon. We acknowledge and appreciate your comments and criticism as they will help us to improve the quality of the service and we look forward to welcoming you and your family again in the future. With kind regards,  Ilio Rosoni General ManagerRead more