We had a very nice stay at this hotel but it is not 5 star, compared to other high end Hiltons (cavalieri, Versailles) Our family of four were upgraded to an executive suite with superb views of the canal.  I am a Diamond member. The room was very nice. Superb bathroom and beds. Only things missing was a kettle and an ironing board (the hotel has ironing rooms)?  Executive Lounge on ground floor. Nice staff, lots to drink. Thought the food in the exec lounge was poor compared to other Exec lounges I have stayed in.    Front desk and concierge - excellent.   Housekeeping - excellent.   Breakfast - needs improvement. Nice setting but don't go in the last hour. Food and drink just not replenished. No orange juice - come on Hilton - I've never seen this as 4 star properties - not…Read moreDate of stay: March 2016HelpfulShare Response from MolinoStuckyHilton, General Manager at Hilton Molino Stucky Venice HotelResponded Apr 11, 2016Dear Guest, Thank you very much for sharing with us your comments about your recent stay at Hilton Molino Stucky Venice. We are pleased to hear that you appreciated the room upgrade and benefits that you have received as a HHonors Diamond member and that you enjoyed your accommodation. It was very kind of you to praise our Front Desk and Housekeeping Team Members and I will share your kind words with them all. On the other hand I am sorry if your stay with us has not been up to your expectations and we acknowledge and appreciate your constructive criticism as it will help us to improve the quality of the service offered to our Guests. May I take this opportunity to inform you that we do offer fresh orange juice at our Molino breakfast restaurant, maybe colleagues were just replenishing the machine with new oranges right when you were looking for it and I am sorry you could not enjoy your breakfast experience completely. We place great value on your opinion and we hope to welcome you with us again in the near future. Best regards,  Ilio Rodoni  General Manager Read more