We stayed here on a trip to Venice primarily because we wanted to use a lot of Hilton points I'd accumulated. It was without a doubt one of the finest hotels we've ever stayed in.  The hotel itself is an historic restoration done with love and money. The room was beautiful with lots of nice touches - like Murano glass pieces set on display throughout the hotel.  The fitness center/spa was superb, the breakfast also superb and the off-lobby dining room was great for light snacks after a day of a walking the city.  The hotel offers shuttle service to San Marco which was very a very nice boat and always on time.  Two regrets (and we will fix these on a future trip): We missed the Skyline bar - no excuse, no good reason - we just kind of forgot with all the other things to do in…Read moreDate of stay: January 2016HelpfulShare Response from MolinoStuckyHilton, General Manager at Hilton Molino Stucky Venice HotelResponded Apr 6, 2016Dear Guest,  Thank you very much for posting your positive review on TripAdvisor. I am pleased that you enjoyed your stay with us and that you liked the Giudecca island, a nice and quiet residential area, away from the crowded city centre, which is especially appreciated by visitors who like to enjoy a more relaxing side of Venice and a fantastic view over the city from our spectacular Rooftop Bar which you should indeed visit next time you come to Hilton Molino Stucky! On that occasion I also agree that you should visit the Giudecca island where you will discover a mix of 17th century houses, beautiful Gothic palaces, modern buildings and old factories from the early 19th century which were restored by important architects. The area hosts a number of good and renowned restaurants, some of them belonging to the old Venetian cooking tradition, which we will be glad to recommend at the next opportunity of a visit in Venice. We thank you for being our Guest and we hope to welcome you again in the near future. Sincerely,  Ilio Rodoni  General Manager Read more