Obviously we liked this hotel enough to book it for a third time and we continue to give it a very high recommendation. It's in our favourite Venetian location on the island of Giudecca - a place that just gets better and better with more eating options appearing each year.   We like it most of all for the peace and quiet it offers away from the main tourist attractions of San Marco, Rialto etc, with throngs of people easing their way around the lanes, bridges and waterways of Venice. We take some of those in too but can't wait to get back to Giudecca each time and on this visit we spent most of our time there - wandering around its maze of alleyways and trying some of its bars and restaurants. The best of those on this trip was La Palanca. It's less than a ten minute walk from…Read moreDate of stay: February 2016HelpfulShare Response from MolinoStuckyHilton, General Manager at Hilton Molino Stucky Venice HotelResponded Feb 29, 2016Dear Guest, thank you for your exhaustive review on TripAdvisor and for sharing your opinion on the Hilton Molino Stucky. It was our pleasure to welcome you again to our hotel, and we are very glad you enjoyed your stay in Venice also this time.  Receiving such nice feedback really motivates us and pushes us to do our best every day to make sure that all our guests are as happy with our care as you are. That is why I am going to share your lovely words with the entire team, as I am sure that they all will be equally pleased. We are particularly glad you enjoyed our location on the Giudecca island which offers a more relaxing atmosphere compared to the one in the beautiful but crowded city centre. We also appreciate being advised of any breach in the usual service for which our hotel is noted and I will definitely inform our Food & Beverage Manager in order to improve our coffee quality at breakfast and the offer in our Executive Lounge. I would like to take this opportunity to inform that our property follows the Hilton International standars and guest having access to the Executive Lounge can help themselves to complimentary snacks and drinks throughout the day as well as hot beverages and soft drinks. Later on, during happy hour from 5 PM to 7 PM, we are pleased to offer our guests a selection of warm canapés, finger food and salad as well as beer and wine.  Assuring all time our best attention and care for our mutual valued guests, I remain with best regards from Venice.   Ilio Rodoni  General Manager Read more