Room a bit tired and dated. Air-con not working so pretty stiffling on the 7th floor. Paid extra for room with view but windows tiny could only see the view at right angle if lay on bed. Pre authorisation on card still not been released 12 days after check out causing charges on my bank card. Called hotel twice still not sorted. Pool not open, spa is payable, areas roped off 'for Hilton Members only', drinks stupidly expensive, ferry boat infrequent and not enjoyable. If you are thinking of paying a bit extra I would definitely stay elsewhere.Read moreDate of stay: February 2016HelpfulShare Response from MolinoStuckyHilton, General Manager at Hilton Molino Stucky Venice HotelResponded Feb 22, 2016Dear Madame, Thank you for posting your comments on TripAdvisor. Though we are sorry for the inconveniences you are experiencing with the pre-authorization amounts on your credit card (which should be considered as temporary transactions and not sales), we confirm that these are always automatically released on check-out and the hotel does not hold any deposit after that. The procedure is an international common practice which is applied by major brands, as well as in all Hilton hotels worldwide. As regards our pool, since our opening in 2007, it is open only during Summer season being the Winter pretty cold in Italy. We acknowledge your comments on prices, though I can also assure you that prices of food and beverage in our bars and restaurants are in line with other 5-stars hotels in Venice. I would also like to take this opportunity to confirm that there are not areas dedicated to our Team Members in the hotel, besides those of the daily operations like kitchens and offices and the service elevators on which you may have read "Team Members only". Although you express some disappointment, I hope we will have the opportunity to welcome you back in the not too distant future so that we can demonstrate the high level of service we are renowned for Best regards,  Ilio Rodoni General Manager Read more