This hotel is a 5-star Hilton which means it is a "business" hotel, not a "luxury" one. The furniture and room decorations are nice, but also "standard". They have tried to incorporate some "Venetian" decorations such as the form of windows or chandelier, but still the ambience remains rather "neutral". The breakfast is excellent, nothing was missing. Service is fine (umbrellas provided duting a rainy day, free wifi etc.) It may get crowded in busier months. We stayed in winter off-season and I would say the crowds were at the margin of comfort. What happens here in summer, I would not imagine. The main drawback is location: far away on the island of Giudecca. They do provide a water shuttle which costs 3.5€ per person (flat, not per ride) which brings you to Piazza San Marco…Read moreDate of stay: February 2016HelpfulShare Response from MolinoStuckyHilton, General Manager at Hilton Molino Stucky Venice HotelResponded Feb 18, 2016Dear Guest, Thank you very much for having taken the time to share on TripAdvisor your evaluation concerning your recent stay at Hilton Molino Stucky Venice and for letting us know how we are meeting your expectations. It was kind of you to mention some positive impresions like our famous Hilton breakfast and our overall service. The Hilton Molino Stucky is located on the Giudecca island, a nice and quiet residential area, just a 12 minutes boat ride from the crowded city centre and it is especially appreciated by guests and visitors who like to enjoy a more relaxing side of Venice. As regards our shuttle boat service, may I take this opportunuty to confirm that the available seats are 39 and for sure it is the most convenient way of reaching Sam Marco. But it is not the only one, there is also the ACTV public service and the private watertaxi, in case our guests do not want to wait. The ACTV service is reliable and there are 2 lines going to and from San Marco and Palanca, with one service every 12 minutes.  Assuring all time our best attention and care for our mutual valued guests, I remain with best regards from Venice.   Ilio Rodoni General ManagerRead more