Plenty of last minute availability/ cheap deals given the sheer size of the place, and in many ways you will not be disappointed. Largish rooms, high ceilings and a magnificent breakfast buffet. Great lighting throughout. These are counterbalanced however by a number of gripes. The hotel proudly advertises (trophies displayed in reception) being 'conference hotel of the year 2015' and you will see the signs of this everywhere - from 'executive lounges' (sic) to 'golf questionnaires' (in Venice, for heaven's sake).   Sound proofing between rooms is lousy. Our tower suite was separated from the next room by a normal single wooden door so badly fitting that we could see daylight around three edges of it. So when the couple next door smoked in the bathroom, whispered sweet nothings…Read moreDate of stay: February 20161 Helpful voteHelpfulShare Response from MolinoStuckyHilton, General Manager at Hilton Molino Stucky Venice HotelResponded Feb 17, 2016Dear Sir, We are sorry to hear that you feel this way, however we are most appreciative of your TripAdvisor review regarding your stay at our hotel. You can be assured that we are most concerned our establishment did not offer you the usual standards expected by guests at Hilton and we appreciate being advised of any breach in the usual service for which our hotel is noted. Our hotel is the biggest in Venice and due to our conference spaces we host many events and we are indeed proud for the recognition we received for the third consecutive year as Europe’s and Italy’s Leading Conference Hotel. This said we are also appreciated by travellers who are looking for a romantic holiday and who prefer to enjoy the quietness of the Giudecca island. As a Hilton Hotel it is our aim to tailor-make every guest experience and I regret we were not able to meet your expectations. With regards to the golf questionnaire and showcase you might have seen in our main corridor, I would like to take this opportunity to confirm that Venice is also a destination for golfers. The Golf Club of Venice was built in Lido island back in 1928, constructed inside an old Austro-Hungarian fortification, which itself dates back to the mid 1600s and it is one of the most appreciated golf courses of Italy and Europe. We thank you for being our Guest and we are looking forward to welcoming you again, not only at Hilton Molino Stucky Venice but also at any of our other Hilton hotels.  Best regards,  Ilio Rodoni General ManagerRead more