We came to the Hilton as a treat and payed the extra because it boasted such great features.   The staff were very friendly and helpful. Their English was very good and they were all smiley despite us being tired upon arrival. The hotel was nice and clean with fairly large rooms, as id expect from a Hilton and with the price tag, but the excitement stopped there.   Initially wifi was only free in the rooms if you are a Hilton member, the boat rides to main Venice have a charge to your room, breakfast is not included with our duplex room and charge at an expensive €15 each!   We but the bullet and dealt with these extras, most were explained in the booking. But then once we tried to use the spa it turned out that that was extra as well! We booked the hotel because of this feature…Read moreDate of stay: December 2015HelpfulShare Response from MolinoStuckyHilton, Guest Relations Manager at Hilton Molino Stucky Venice HotelResponded Dec 28, 2015Dear Ms. Anna,   thank you for your review about our hotel.   We are glad to read that you were pleased with the service at check-in, the cleanliness and size of the room and the cocktails at Skyline.   We were sorry to read that you found our prices too high, but please note that all our prices are clearly stated on our website and there are no "hidden costs". We are sorry if you were not aware that not all our room rates include breakfast, however if you would have checked more carefully you would have noticed this. On our official webpage you may see that there is a small cost for the shuttle (€ 3.50 per person per stay) and the  SPA is not free. We assure you we did everything we could to advertise our prices and we suggest next time you check all the information before booking. Also, our prices are on the same level with those of any other 5-stars hotel in Venice, therefore it is unlikely that drinks at any other 5-stars Bar would be cheaper than ours.   We look forward to welcoming you back   Best regards  Riccardo Ranzato  Guest Relations ManagerRead more