The hotel is on the water, which is nice, if you get a good room with a view of the water.  I stayed in November and had to upgrade my room to a suite in order to get a room with windows facing the water.  My "suite" was little more than a regular room with regular bathroom.  It was hard not to feel completely ripped off by the hotel.  I had much larger double room in Florence and a much larger Junior Suite in Rome!  I was taken aback by how expensive the hotel is, even during the off season.  It was cold and grey all five days, so I wore coat, wool sweaters, scarves, etc. to keep warm while outside. Staying in a suite, a basic breakfast is included each morning with package cheese offered.  However, the breakfast served across the hotel where everyone else eats (and pays for)…Read moreDate of stay: November 2015HelpfulShare Response from MolinoStuckyHilton, General Manager at Hilton Molino Stucky Venice HotelResponded Dec 11, 2015Dear Guest, We are sorry to hear that you feel this way, however we are most appreciative of your TripAdvisor review regarding your stay at our hotel. You can be assured that we are most concerned our establishment did not offer you the usual standards expected by guests at Hilton  We are sorry you did not enjoy the Executive Lounge which offers nice canal view and is in general one of the highlights of our hospitality. We appreciate being advised of any breach in the usual service for which our hotel is noted and I will definitely inform our Food & Beverage Manager in order to improve our service, especially during breakfast hours. I would like to take this opportunity to inform that our property follows the Hilton International standars and guest having access to the Executive Lounge can help themselves to complimentary snacks and drinks throughout the day as well as hot beverages and soft drinks.  Later on, during happy hour from 5 PM to 7 PM, we are pleased to offer our guests a selection of warm canapés, finger food and salad as well as beer and wine.  Although you express some disappointment, I hope we will have the opportunity to welcome you back in the not too distant future so that we can demonstrate the high level of service we are renowned for. Best regards,   Ilio Rodoni  General ManagerRead more