I booked this hotel as a surprise for our last night in venice. The hotels grand exterior was not met by the interior. There was a distinct smell of sewage all through the downstairs which was really unpleasant on arrival. I had also paid the tourist tax as part of my booking fee but was told i needed to pay again. For a "king" guest room the standard was poor. the room wasnt particularly clean and the tea tray had no biscuits and standard twinings teas. The bathroom radiator had some tape on the fixtures and i just feel it was really not up to the cost i paid as a king room. breakfast was also a disspaointment. we also had no sea view so be careful which room type you book. We went down at 9am and most stuff had all gone e.g. muffins, croissants. The scrambled eggs were…Read moreDate of stay: November 2015HelpfulShare Response from MolinoStuckyHilton, General Manager at Hilton Molino Stucky Venice HotelResponded Nov 23, 2015Dear Guest, We are sorry to hear that you feel this way, however we are most appreciative of your TripAdvisor review regarding your stay at our hotel. You can be assured that we are most concerned our establishment did not offer you the usual standards expected by guests at Hilton. We appreciate being advised of any breach in the usual service for which our hotel is noted. May I take this opportunity to confirm that the Venice City tax was introduced by the City Council on hotel stays since August 24th 2011. The amount for a five star hotel is of 5 Euro (in high season) or 3.50 Euro (in low season) per person per night, applicable for a maximum of 5 nights. Tax reductions and exemptions as follows: children under 10 years old are exempted, children between 10 to 16 years are entitled to a 50% reduction on the amount. The tax is not due to the hotel but to the city and it is payable only upon check out. Your comments are being reviewed and we are looking forward to welcoming you again, not only at Hilton Molino Stucky Venice but also at any of our other Hilton hotels.  Best regards,  Ilio Rodoni General ManagerRead more