I visited Venice with my family 2 weeks ago. We arrived from Marco Polo airport - you can reach the hotel only by boat (direct water taxi from airport or combination of a taxi to the city and then a water taxi). expect to pay around 130 euros. The hotel is in a beautiful historic building on an island just in front of Venice. It is a very big hotel , looking great for conventions but if you look for more prestigious feeling then you may be disappointed. We got a family suite which was very big but the room was dark and very undated. Since the hotel is so big you may walk a bit to the nearest elevator and the the corridors are also dark with old carpets and unpleasant smell. The pool on the roof is nice with great views but it's very small (especially when considering the size of…Read moreDate of stay: July 20191 Helpful voteHelpfulShare Response from MolinoStuckyHilton, General Manager at Hilton Molino Stucky Venice HotelResponded Jul 23, 2019Dear Guest, thank you very much for your review on TripAdvsor. It was very kind of you to praise our helpful Team Members and we are happy that you have enjoyed our famous Hilton breakfast. We are on the other hand sorry that we did not meet your expectations with regards to some aspects of your stay. Concerning your comments on the size of the pool and of the Spa, may we say that the restoration project of the Molino Stucky was designed and approved following strict rules and regulations in compliance with the environmental and artistic restrictions applied to an ancient building and monumental complex protected by local authorities. The structure still has the typical features of the old industrial architecture, which has certainly affected the project with some restraints when developing the leisure proposal, including our rooftop pool area. We place great value on your opinion and hope that should your plans bring you back one day in Venice, you will give us another opportunity to serve you.  Best regards  Ilio Rodoni General ManagerRead more