We booked this hotel as it looked good in photos, had good reviews and prices weren't too bad either.  Location: Situated on a separate island,  this hotel has its pluses and minuses. Good is that you don't get any venice smell and shuttle service is excellent. Bad is that if you arent in mood to go to Venice, you are stuck with pricey dinner options at Hilton. Room: While i asked for an upgrade which i was willing to pay for, the hotel was fully booked out which meant we got a room with a building next to it While the view wasnt too good, the room was fantastic otherwise. It was spacious and quite classy.  Service: Staff were good but bit arrogant at times. I had electrical issues in my room which werent addressed causing lot of discomfort to us. Staff shouldve made an effort…Read moreDate of stay: October 2015HelpfulShare Response from MolinoStuckyHilton, General Manager at Hilton Molino Stucky Venice HotelResponded Oct 21, 2015Dear Guest,  Thank you very much for having taken the time to share with us your comments concerning your stay at Hilton Molino Stucky Venice. We also acknowledge and appreciate your criticism as it will help us to improve the quality of the service offered to our guests. Please accept our apologies for the issue you have experienced in your room, I am sorry it was not fixed immediately and I will for sure follow-up with the department heads. May I take this opportunity to confirm that the Venice City tax was introduced by the City Council on hotel stays since August 24th 2011. The amount for a five star hotel is of 5 Euro (in high season) or 3.50 Euro (in low season) per person per night, applicable for a maximum of 5 nights. Tax reductions and exemptions as follows: children under 10 years old are exempted, children between 10 to 16 years are entitled to a 50% reduction on the amount. The tax is not due to the hotel but to the city and it is payable only upon check out. We place great value on your opinion and hope we may look forward to welcoming you with us again in a not too far distance.   Best regards,  Ilio Rodoni General ManagerRead more