We stayed here for three nights in early July, just when the hotel had reopened after the lockdown. The rooms and building are great, perfect gym as well (see pics). The location is also fantastic because Giudecca is an Island oppositie to the main Island and much more quiet ... and the Hilton has its hourly ferry all day long to the San Marco square (8,50 euro for the whole stay). The hotel is also easy to reach from either the Tronchetto parking, from which there is a direct public transport ferry that takes about 20 minutes and stops a few hundred meters from the hotel (2 bridges). The airport ferry stops in front of the hotel, but takes 1h20m. Having said that, there were several hick-ups, all related to COVID: the pool was closed while the website explicitly said it was…Read moreDate of stay: July 20203 Helpful votesHelpfulShare Response from Hilton Molino Stucky Venice, Guest Services / Front Office at Hilton Molino Stucky Venice HotelResponded Aug 3, 2020Dear Guest,  Thank you very much for choosing us for your stay in Venice, and for leaving your review on TripAdvisor.  We are pleased you enjoyed our rooms and our gym, and that you particularly appreciated our location on the island of Giudecca. This is a nice and quiet residential area, just a 12 minute boat ride from the crowded city centre and is specially appreciated by guests and visitors who like to enjoy a more relaxing side of Venice. It also hosts a number of good and excellent restaurants, some of them belonging to the old Venetian cooking tradition, which we will be glad to recommend at the next opportunity of a visit in Venice. On another note, although we do our best to deliver unforgettable service within the strict regulations in place, we are sorry to read your experience regarding some features of the hotel, and in particular our breakfast, was not up to your expectations.  We thank you for your comments, which are extremely important in order to improve our service. We look forward to the chance of welcoming you back meanwhile we remain at disposal. Kind regards, Nicole Boffelli Guest Relations Manager Read more