Had 3 nights here, the bed is amazing so comfortable. Lovely room with fantastic facilities and bathroom. Hotel itself is very large, no free wifi in rooms which is a big shame, but you can sit in the lobby to use free wifi there. Free ferry to San Marco is appreciated but allow extra time at peak times of the day as it gets used a lot. The breakfast is excellent, however do yourself a favour and don't eat at the bar. We ordered a hamburger for $40 AUD and it was overcooked and tasteless and not worth the big price tag. The other negative was getting evicted from the rooftop pool bar at sunset due to a 'private' booking. This happened 2 nights of our time there, the views are amazing from this area so we were disappointed in the staff having to do this. The check-in staff were…Read moreDate of stay: September 2015HelpfulShare Response from MolinoStuckyHilton, General Manager at Hilton Molino Stucky Venice HotelResponded Oct 13, 2015Dear Guest,  Thank you very much for having taken the time to share with us your positive comments concerning your stay at Hilton Molino Stucky Venice.  We also acknowledge and appreciate your criticism as it will help us to improve the quality of the service offered to our guests.  I would like to take this opportunity to confirm that our property follows the Hilton International standars. Complimentary internet is therefore available for all guests in the public areas and for HHonors members also in the room while non members can chose in between two diffent offers. May I suggest that you enroll to our HHonors program on your next stay in a Hilton property in order to get free internet access also in your room.We thank you also for the comments regarding your arrival and the check-in procedures. We apologize for the long delay you have experienced and we will take steps with the Department Head in charge in order to carry out our future procedures in a smoother and faster way. We place great value on your opinion and hope we may look forward to welcoming you with us again.  Best regards,  Ilio Rodoni  General ManagerRead more