Location and first impressions:  This is not our first stay at this property, but it is our last.   This is based on the Island of Guidecca which is a short five or so minute from the main island, St Marc's Sq etc.  So you need to either take their shuttle boat (see more below) or walk over some bridges and about 1/4 mile from the public water bus stops.  This is built in inside an old flour mill.  It has been nicely renovated, airy, high ceilings etc.  The bedrooms vary, not many have any view worth mentioning, even the Executive ones which are more expensive than the delux which of course are more expensive than their standard ones.  A view of a junk yard for $299 a night is a bit much in my opinion.    Welcome:  Being a member of the Hilton Honors program helped because there…Read moreDate of stay: September 2015HelpfulShare Response from MolinoStuckyHilton, General Manager at Hilton Molino Stucky Venice HotelResponded Sep 29, 2015Dear Madame, We are sorry to hear that you feel this way, however we are most appreciative of your TripAdvisor review regarding your stay at our hotel. You can be assured that we are most concerned our establishment did not offer you the usual standards expected by guests at Hilton. We appreciate being advised of any breach in the usual service for which our hotel is noted. I do regret that you did not find our shuttle service to be efficient and adequate to your needs and I confirm that in order to improve the quality of our service, since 1st of March 2015, our guests are charged € 3,50 per person per stay to use our shuttle boat. As regards the Alilaguna blue line public boat, may I take this opportunity to confirm that tickets can indeed be purchased on board with an extra charge of 1,00 euro (so the ride to the airport will be € 16,00 instead of € 15,00 per person with one suitcase + one handluggage) and, as also written on their timetables, extra luggage has a cost of € 3,00. Your comments are being reviewed and we are looking forward to welcoming you again, not only at Hilton Molino Stucky Venice but also at any of our other Hilton hotels.  Best regards,  Ilio Rodoni General ManagerRead more