This hotel can improve - easily. Hilton Stucky is located on an island 10min from the main island where the San Marco Palace is. Transfer boats load 39 guest, 3 boats leave the hotel in every hour, but be on the jetty in time since the boat quickly get filled.   We came to Venice to visit the Contemporary art festival "Biennial", a great event. We had nice weather, cloudy and sun +24 and +18 at night in mid September.  Not too much tourist on the islands.  Hilton Stucky have many rooms and is "brick beautiful".  Not over crowded since its a huge hotel.  We checked the spa that gave us an average impression.   Where is the music in this hotel to create an ambiance?  Oh yes in the Sky bar with a view to kill.  But the price on the drinks to kill your wallet - €17-20/drink. The…Read moreDate of stay: September 2015HelpfulShare Response from MolinoStuckyHilton, General Manager at Hilton Molino Stucky Venice HotelResponded Sep 29, 2015Dear Madame, Thank you for posting your kind review on TripAdvisor. We are pleased to hear that you liked our property and we thank you for mentioning all the hotel facilities and services that you have expereinced during your stay.  I would like to take this opportunity to confirm that our property follows the Hilton International standars. Complimentary internet is therefore available for all guests in the public areas and for HHonors members also in the room while non members can chose in between two diffent offers. May I suggest that you enroll to our HHonors program on your next stay in a Hilton property in order to get free internet access also in your room. We also acknowledge your comments on prices, though I can assure you that prices of food and beverage in our bars and restaurants are in line with other 5-stars hotels in Venice. Thank you again for your kind feedback, we will discuss your comments at our Head of Departments meeting as all criticisms are read with attention and genuine interest and suggestions are taken on board to enhance clients’ satisfaction. Sincerely,  Ilio Rodoni, General ManagerRead more