My husband surprised me for our 25th Wedding anniversary.  We recently moved from Australia to Germany, so I didn't even consider he would plan something like this for our anniversary.   We are Hilton Silver status members and usually love our Holton experience.  Unfortunately, we were not treated like special guests on our 25th anniversary.  The room was facing a brick wall with no view.  We were supposed to have roses and champagne that my husband requested, but that never happened.  We requested another room that looked over the water but had to keep on housekeeping for towels and service. The room was not a king size bed but wonky 2 twin beds pushed together (literally).  Thanks Hilton!  It was actually an anniversary trip.  My husband and I made the best of the trip…Read moreDate of stay: September 2015HelpfulShare Response from MolinoStuckyHilton, General Manager at Hilton Molino Stucky Venice HotelResponded Sep 29, 2015Dear Madame, Thank you for your comments on TripAdvisor and please accept my apologies for the late reply to your review. This is due to the fact that I wanted to deeply investigate in order to better understand why we did not meet your expectations. Our aim is to provide each and every guest with a wonderful and memorable experience, and I am sorry that this was not evident in your case. We are always pleased to take special care of guests staying with us for a special celebration. However the information should be received in connection with the reservation, in order to give us time to prepare any arrangement in advance. Unfortunately I did not find any request with regards to the special delivery of roses and champagne, therefore I would be most grateful to you if you could send to VCEHI_GuestRelations@hilton.com all correspondence you have exchanged with our Staff in order to understand what went wrong. Although you express some disappointment, I hope we will have the opportunity to welcome you and your husband back in the not too distant future so that we can demonstrate the high level of service we are renowned for. Best regards,   Ilio Rodoni  General ManagerRead more