We stayed here because we wanted a nice experience in Venice. This hotel is highly disappointing! If we could do it over we would stay in a less expensive hotel and spend our money elsewhere. Upon arrival they didn't not even offer to help with our luggage, which is not something we usually expect, but when you spend that kind of money it should be offered. The room itself was nice but everything in the hotel is highly overpriced(1 bottle of water is 6€, with no complimentary water's even though they advise the tap water is not drinkable). Skyline bar is far too expensive even with a limited selection. If you eat dinner at any of the hotel restaurants expect a "cover charge" even though you are paying to stay at the hotel and they automatically charge you 8.5€ per person for the…Read moreDate of stay: July 20192 Helpful votesHelpfulShare Response from MolinoStuckyHilton, General Manager at Hilton Molino Stucky Venice HotelResponded Jul 12, 2019Dear Sir, Thank you for posting your review on TripAdvisor, we are sorry to read that you feel this way. We always endeavour to offer the highest level of service and it would appear that on this occasion we failed to meet your expectations.  We are sorry that you have found prices to be expensive as we always strive to meet our guest’s expectations and to comply with their requests. We will discuss your comments at our Head of Departments meeting as all criticisms are indeed read with attention and genuine interest and suggestions are taken on board to enhance clients’ satisfaction. In regard to the cover charge at our restaurants, may we advise that this, with the exception of children, is a regular standard practice in the Italian restaurants which includes a selection of bread and rolls, grissini, butter as well as condiments like Italian extra-virgin olive oil and premium balsamic vinegar. We thank you for being our guest and we hope to have the chance to welcome again in the future. Sincerely,	  Ilio Rodoni  General Manager Read more