The staff are all lovely, Polite and welcoming.  Our room was a deluxe without view. It was comfortable with complimentary cosmetics (shampoo, conditioner, etc), canal was viewable when looking out the window, and included hairdryer and mini bar. However, there were many light switches that didn't actually do anything, and most of the time we ended up in the dark fumbling for the lamps.   Breakfast was included in our booking, and was the highlight, an amazing selection for everyone on the buffet, with also vegetarian, and glucose free breads and cakes.   The swimming pool is also worth a visit, a little cold but offers fantastic views and a chance to relax, especially during the afternoon as it is not crowded (three or four groups at most. The rooftop bar is also cheaper than…Read moreDate of stay: September 2015HelpfulShare Response from MolinoStuckyHilton, General Manager at Hilton Molino Stucky Venice HotelResponded Sep 23, 2015Dear Guest,  Thank you very much for sharing your experience with us and for posting your comments on TripAdvisor. I would like to take this opportunity to confirm that our property follows the Hilton International standars. Complimentary internet is therefore available for all guests in the public areas and for HHonors members also in the room while non members can chose in between two diffent offers. May I suggest that you enroll to our HHonors program on your next stay in a Hilton property in order to get free internet access also in your room.  As regards your comment on the shuttle, I would like to confirm that we charge € 3,50 per person per stay and the boat makes regular rides both to Zattere and St. Marks Square. The service you are refering to might be the Alilaguna blue line which connects the hotel to the airport and it's a public water bus service with several stops along the way to/from. It is a convenient and cheaper option to reach the hotel from the airport besides private water taxies.  Thank you for your feedback and we forward to welcoming you with us again in the future.  Sincerely,   Ilio Rodoni  General ManagerRead more