If you want a quaint hotel away from the noise and hustle of Venice proper, stay here.  Just keep in mind that everything comes at a cost.  In this case, getting to/from Venice is it.  They have a free shuttle, but it only takes 39 passengers per trip and is often full to capacity, forcing you to wait for the next one.  Our worst wait was 2 1/2 hours - a considerable fraction of our vacation. The hotel is nice, the restaurants are very good (and extremely expensive) but they have you as a captive audience.  Breakfast was OK.  The staff was attentive and as nice as the Italians can be.  Be aware of the mosquitos - leaving your window open can be a disaster - they come out by the tens of thousands at dusk. All in all not a bad property, but certainly not for everyone.Read moreDate of stay: September 2015HelpfulShare Response from MolinoStuckyHilton, General Manager at Hilton Molino Stucky Venice HotelResponded Sep 17, 2015Dear Guest, Thank you for your kind comments on this website. I am pleased to read that you had a pleasant stay with us and that you enjoyed the hotel services and facilities. The Hilton Molino Stucky is located on the Giudecca island, a nice and quiet residential area, just a 12 minutes boat ride from the crowded city centre and is especially appreciated by guests and visitors who like to enjoy a more relaxing side of Venice. It also hosts a number of good and excellent restaurants, some of them belonging to the old Venetian cooking tradition, which we will be glad to recommend at the next opportunity of a visit in Venice. I feel sorry you were not able to catch the Shuttle boat on one day and that you waited a long time. The capacity is of 39 seats and we usually suggest our guest to be on the dock at least five minutes before leaving hour. The ACTV public transport station Palanca is only a few minutes’ walk away and connects any part of Venice with departures every 12 minutes.  Thank you for being our guest and we look forward to welcoming you back to the Hilton Molino Stucky Venice. Best regards,  Ilio Rodoni General ManagerRead more