Like so many people at this hotel, we are here because of the HIlton brand name.  Don't do it, it's not worth it.  You will spend a huge amount of time trying to get back and forth from the hotel to the actual city.  It would be ok if they had a big enough boat, but they don't.  They run a shuttle 3 times an hour but it's often full and can't pick you up.  We spent over 40 minutes on multiple occasions waiting because of full boats.  It is very frustrating to wait 20 minutes for a boat and then to have them tell you it's full and leave you on the dock.  No apology, no offer to come back soon.  And we had full knowledge of the schedule and did strategic planning on which boat to take from which location for the best chance of getting a seat.  All guests are having the same…Read moreDate of stay: September 2015HelpfulShare Response from MolinoStuckyHilton, General Manager at Hilton Molino Stucky Venice HotelResponded Sep 16, 2015Dear Guest, Thank you very much for sharing your experience with us and for posting your comment on Tripadvisor. We are sorry to hear that you feel this way, however we are most appreciative of your TripAdvisor review regarding your stay at our hotel. You can be assured that we are most concerned our establishment did not offer you the usual standards expected by guests at Hilton. Please accept our most sincere apologies for the incident with the housekeeping staff which was certainly done in good faith thinking that the coins were left as a tipping and of course we will reimburse the amount, we just need you to confirm us your credit card details. In the meantime I would like to have the opportunity to talk to you on the phone in order to better understand the issues you have been through and I therefore kindly ask you to send me your contact details at: VCEHI_DO@hilton.com  I look forward to hearing from you and we do hope that despite your disappointment on this occasion, we have the opportunity of welcoming you back to the hotel at some point in the future. Best regards,  Antonio Ruano Director of OperationsRead more