Staff:  Fantastic throughout the stay, provided all the information on where to go and how to get around.  Room: Fantastic size even with +1 child's bed in the room, really comfortable beds and super quiet rooms  Pool: dreadful, far too small for a Hotel that size, in x5 days not once could we get a seat near the pool.  It was freezing cold every day, everybody complained but staff were not able to turn on the heating.  It was closed twice from 4pm for Pool Parties  Breakfast:  Food was amazing with a huge selection and kept fully stocked.  Getting a seat is nightmare, you have to queue (which is fine) but when you finally get a seat on 3 of the 5 days we had to go back to the queue as someone had just walked in and taken our assigned seats.  Once we came back and someone had…Read moreDate of stay: August 2015HelpfulShare Response from MolinoStuckyHilton, General Manager at Hilton Molino Stucky Venice HotelResponded Sep 17, 2015Dear Sir, Thank you for having taken the time to share on TripAdvisor your evaluation concerning your recent stay at Hilton Molino Stucky Venice and for letting us know how we are meeting your expectations. It was very kind of you to praise our Staff and I will share your nice words with all Team Members. The Hilton Molino Stucky is located on Giudecca island, a quiet residential area well connected to the historical centre within 5/10 minutes with  efficient public boat transportation services, stopping also not far from the hotel and which run with frequent rides (every 12 minutes) for 24 hours, day and night. In regard to your comments on the size of our pool, may I say that the restoration project of the Molino Stucky was designed and approved following strict rules and regulations in compliance with the environmental and artistic restrictions applied to an ancient and monumental complex protected by local authorities. The structure still has the typical features of the old industrial architecture, which has certainly affected the project with some restraints when developing the leisure proposal, including our rooftop pool area. Although you express some disappointment, I hope we will have the opportunity to welcome you back in the not too distant future so that we can demonstrate the high level of service we are renowned for. Best regards,   Ilio Rodoni  General ManagerRead more