Just returned from our first visit to Venice - wow what a wonderful city. Do take a gondola ride(not too expensive if you share) and do go to Lido for the beach if you can. I disagree that it is hard to get to - the website clearly states how to get there by vaporetto and although a little laborious it is a much cheaper option than a water taxi. We got a great deal with Expedia and although our room was not super luxurious it was very pleasant, clean and had a great bathroom. Breakfast was superb and I agree with a previous reviewer that the chocolate muffins are out of this world!! The staff are excellent, especially Victoria on breakfast service and the wonderful Elena and Carlo on the Concierge desk. What these two do not know about Venice is not worth knowing!! Watching them…Read moreDate of stay: August 2015HelpfulShare Response from MolinoStuckyHilton, General Manager at Hilton Molino Stucky Venice HotelResponded Aug 26, 2015Dear Madame, Thank you very much for the positive review and for the information you wrote about our hotel which will be very helpful for every traveller who will decide to stay with us. It was very kind of you to praise our Concierge Team and I will make sure to share your words of appraisal with them all. In regard to your comments on the size of the pool and of the Spa, may I confirm that the restoration project of the Molino Stucky was designed and approved following strict rules and regulations in compliance with the environmental and artistic restrictions applied to an ancient building and monumental complex protected by local authorities. The structure still has the typical features of the old industrial architecture, which has certainly affected the project with some restraints when developing the leisure proposal, including our rooftop pool area. We acknowledge and appreciate your comments and suggestions as they will help us to improve the quality of the service offered to our guests and we look forward to welcoming you again at the Hilton Molino Stucky Venice. Best regards,  Ilio Rodoni   General ManagerRead more