It's a shame because the hotel is a large and beautiful building. The location is less than ideal and requires a €70 water taxi ride to get to.  Upon checkin, we were made to wait only to be issued working keys to a room that was already occupied. Returning to reception, we were assigned another room only to go to that room to have ours keys not work. Luckily, another guest arrived in the same elevator and he was also booked into our same room-- his key worked fine.  Because of the mix-up on rooms and how many times we were shuffled around, we were no longer on the breakfast list nor were our bags picked up for the shuttle. O was told I could pay €40 each for breakfast, but opted out. Another couple staying there indicated that we had made a good choice in declining. That being…Read moreDate of stay: August 2015HelpfulShare Response from MolinoStuckyHilton, Guest Relations Manager at Hilton Molino Stucky Venice HotelResponded Aug 19, 2015Dear guest,   thank you for taking the time to write your review.   We are sorry if your stay was not up to your expectations and for what happened upon your check-in. I do not think that the fact that you were not on the breakfast list was due to the initial mix-up, but probably because you did not have breakfast included in your booking, otherwise you would have been on the list for sure. Our breakfast, by the way, costs € 30 per person if purchased at the Breakfast counter, and only € 15 per person if purchased at the Front Desk, as we have a special 50% offer for vouchers bought at the Front Desk.  There are actually many good restaurants on the Giudecca Island, and the closes to our hotel (less than 5 minutes walking) is also the best one: Harry's Dolci, which is the sister restaurant of Harry's Bar and reviewed as one of the best restaurant in Venice (please check on the guides or on Tripadvisors). Therefore, you do not need to go to the main island if you wish to have a good lunch or dinner and you do not wish to use one of our 3 restaurants.   We hope you will decide to stay with us in the future   Best regards  Riccardo Ranzato Guest Relations ManagerRead more