We visited Venice for a short weekend break at the end of July. The city is everything we wanted and more, a beautiful stunning setting with an array of unique features. We chose Hilton as it was a safe bet and had a good reputation with its roof top pool and bar. The hotel itself is lovely, modern with spacious rooms and great lounges. The staff are all extremely friendly and helpful and I would definitely recommend a visit to the rooftop bar which offers breathtaking views of the city at night and the staff there are second to none. However, the usual pre-historic Hilton model of hugely inflated Wi-Fi prices grates, when will they catch up with the modern world and offer free wifi in rooms?! As does the rooftop pool which is lovely IF you get there at 8am, anytime after this…Read moreDate of stay: July 2015HelpfulShare Response from MolinoStuckyHilton, Guest Relations Manager at Hilton Molino Stucky Venice HotelResponded Aug 19, 2015Dear guest,   thank you for taking the time to write your review.   We are pleased that you enjoyed your time here, but were sorry to see that you were disappointed with some parts of your stay.   Please note that on our website we do not advertise our shuttle as "free", it has changed long ago to avoid misunderstandings. Our shuttle is simply the cheapest way to reach Venice, the other being the private watertaxi (which you mentioned) and the public transportation, which is very reliable (2 lines, one service every few minutes to reach San Marco and many other locations) and cheap (Euro 7.50 per person per trip, or Euro 20 for a 24-hours ticket). As you can see, you have plenty of options to move around the city from our hotel.   Also, please note that also the customers coming to use the rooftop bar and our restaurants are allowed to use the shuttle, as the Food & Beverage outlet can be used also by external customers (with the exclusion of the pool, which is for hotel guests only).   Please note that the shuttle drivers are not Hilton staff, however we will notify the company providing the service. We are sorry for any inconvenience caused.   We hope you will decide to stay with us in the future   Best regards  Riccardo Ranzato Guest Relations ManagerRead more