The hotel is beautiful, our second room was large with a large bathroom (rare in Europe). Don't ask about the first--tiny, no towels, no place to put towels! This second room, by the way, was in the same category as the first--go figure! Very good breakfast buffet, but the coffee was cold. Definitely go somewhere else to eat other meals (unless you've won the lottery). A cup of coffee is 8 euros, and no free refills! There is coffee setup in the room, however. Outside the hotel, turn right, cross two bridges, and you'll come to several decent restaurants. Or eat elsewhere in the city. WiFi is free in the public areas, or free in the room to Hilton Honors Members, otherwise it's 15 euros per day (yipes!). And now the unpleasant story.The hotel provides a shuttle boat to St. Marks…Read moreDate of stay: July 2015HelpfulShare Response from MolinoStuckyHilton, Guest Relations Manager at Hilton Molino Stucky Venice HotelResponded Aug 8, 2015Dear guest,   thank you for your review.   We are glad to see that you were happy with the second room you had and with breakfast, although we were sorry to read that your first room did not meet your expectations and if you found the price for coffee expensive, we assure you that it is on the same level as any other 5-star property in Venice. Also, the refill is not common in Europe and normally for the price of a coffee you will get just the one cup.   Also, we are sorry if you had to wait for another shuttle and decided to take a watertaxi. Our shuttle for Health & Safety reasons can carry only up to 39 people per trip, this is why sometimes some people cannot be taken on board. Should our guests not like to wait, they may use the public ACTV transportation for the price of Euro 7.50 per trip, which is reliable (every 10 minutes there is a service to Palanca, the waterbus stop just a few minutes from our hotel).   We thank you again for your comments and would like to have the possibility to welcome you back.   Best regards  Riccardo Ranzato Guest Relations ManagerRead more