Summary: The positive aspects of this property on this repeat visit largely consisted of the location. The negative aspects of this stay included the poor quality of the rooms (we feel we didn’t get what we paid for on at least the first of our three-night stay), inadequate communication to guests on check-in (e.g. a Diamond welcome letter), and the woefully deficient hotel shuttle boat service for which there’s a mandatory additional charge placed on the bill. As Hilton Diamond elite members we will consider this property when we return again to Venice, but we will actively seek alternatives.   Details: We stayed at this property in August 2012 prior to a cruise, and found it magical. It didn't hurt that we were upgraded to an elegant suite and gifted with chocolate…Read moreDate of stay: July 2015HelpfulShare Response from MolinoStuckyHilton, Guest Relations Manager at Hilton Molino Stucky Venice HotelResponded Aug 8, 2015Dear Guest,   thank you for taking the time to write your review.   We are glad you decided to come back again to our hotel and were happy with our friendliness and location, yet we are sorry to read that your stay overall was not up to your expectations.   Thank you for your extensive feedback (breakfast, Executive Lounge, pool), we will definitely use it to improve our service.   Regarding the pool, we assure you that the water is always safe to swim in as we daily monitor it to ensure that there are no bacteria or harmful substances. We are sorry if there were some particles floating in the water, they are brought by the wind and we try to eliminate them immediately.   Regarding our shuttle, we believe that the fee of Euro 3.50 per person per stay (regardless of how many nights a guest is staying) is a very fair fee for the shuttle service; again, as you wrote in your review, should a guest decide to take the ACTV public service, the price is Euro 7.50 per trip or, in alternative, the 1, 2 or 3 days pass may be purchased.   Thank you again for raising the points which will help us in improving our guest's experience and we would like to have the possibility to welcome you back to show you that we can get better.  Best regards  Riccardo Ranzato Guest Relations ManagerRead more