Myself and Husband visited the hotel for a 3 night break away to celebrate our 15 year anniversary in June 2015.  We arrived at Treviso Airport, quickly found our way to the bus that took us directly to the boat which stopped not too far from the Hotel,  There were no signs to tell us where to go and we did end up walking about around the VERY derelict looking housing estate for a little while but soon found our way so it wasn't  the end of the world. (If you fly into Marco Polo the Hilton boat picks you up and takes to right to the Hotel)  So once we got into the Hotel it was lovely, it was a real classy looking hotel, just what you would expect from a Hilton, I loved the fact it was away from the actual island of Venice as it meant lots of walking and sightseeing :-)  The…Read moreDate of stay: June 2015HelpfulShare Response from MolinoStuckyHilton, Guest Relations Manager at Hilton Molino Stucky Venice HotelResponded Aug 6, 2015Dear Guest,   thank you for your review.   We are pleased you enjoyed your stay here and you were happy with the room. We are sorry if you did not find our hotel immediately, our neighbourhood is quiet and residential and anyone would help with directions.   Please note that there is no Hilton boat from the airport, it is the public transportation boat "Alilaguna Blue Line", which leaves from the airport and stops right in front of our hotel. The ride lasts 1 hour and 40 minutes and it costs € 18 per person.   We are sorry if there was an unpleasant smell in your room, it happens sometimes in Venice when the tide is either extremely high or extremely low, and if you would have reported that to the Front Desk, they would have definitely sent someone from Housekeeping to spray the room with a product that eliminates that smell.   The building site is not part of the hotel and is not under our management; normally they do not leave anything dumped there and they remove any items at the end of the day. None of our rooms have view in front of the building site anyway.   Our shuttle costs only € 3.50 per person per stay and it is a very cheap and reliable option to reach the city centre.   We thank you again and look forward to welcoming you back   Best regards  Riccardo Ranzato Guest Relations ManagerRead more