This was there first American based hotel we booked on our three week trip across Europe.  We thought it would be nice to book a hotel with good wifi and amenities that we are used to.    There are a few things to note about this hotel and location.  The first is that the hilton is located on an island that is across the lagoon from all the tourist areas.  So you have to take a ferry every day to get anywhere.  They charge you extra for this and it's not in the quote you get when you book the hotel.  The ferry runs like clockwork but again you can't really walk anywhere.   The next part I wanted to talk about was the pool.  The hotel pictures make it look beautiful.  It doesn't look like that.  It's on the 8th floor and unless you get there early (9am) you probably won't get a…Read moreDate of stay: July 2015HelpfulShare Response from MolinoStuckyHilton, General Manager at Hilton Molino Stucky Venice HotelResponded Jul 23, 2015Dear Sir, We are sorry to hear that you feel this way, however we are most appreciative of your TripAdvisor review regarding your stay at our hotel. You can be assured that we are most concerned our establishment did not offer you the usual standards expected by guests at Hilton and we appreciate being advised of any breach in the usual service for which our hotel is noted. I would like to take this opportunity to confirm that our property follows the Hilton International standars. Complimentary internet is therefore available for all guests in the public areas and for HHonors members also in the room while non members can chose in between two diffent offers. May I suggest that you enroll to our HHonors program on your next stay in a Hilton property in order to get free internet access also in your room. In regard to your comments on the size of the pool on the rooftop terrace, I would like to confirm that the restoration project of the Molino Stucky was designed and approved following strict rules and regulations in compliance with the environmental and artistic restrictions applied to an ancient and monumental complex protected by local authorities. The structure still has the typical features of the old industrial architecture, which has certainly affected the project with some restraints when developing the leisure proposal, including our rooftop pool area. Please accept our apologies if you have found the water was not clean as it should be. Besides filters and automatic system, it is also always cleaned every night by a special robot and manually every morning after. Your comments are being reviewed and we are looking forward to welcoming you again, not only at Hilton Molino Stucky Venice but also at any of our other Hilton hotels.  Best regards,  Ilio Rodoni General ManagerRead more