This was the first time we booked a hotel without checking Tripadvisor first.. instead we put our trust in the 'Hilton' name... please DONT EVER DO THIS!  When we arrived via water taxi pulling up to the hotel we thought this hotel looked amazing, a converted mill it fitted in well with the surrounding buildings but with a modern twist. The bell boys were on hand to take our luggage from us straightaway and show us to the check in desks.  We arrived at 12pm which was early (check in from 2pm) so we couldn't complain when our room wasn't ready. As we were staying in an executive room we had access to their lounge which was pleasant enough with a view overlooking the main through canal that the cruise liners use.  At 1.50pm our room was ready and because of the time we decided to…Read moreDate of stay: July 2015HelpfulShare Response from MolinoStuckyHilton, General Manager at Hilton Molino Stucky Venice HotelResponded Jul 21, 2015Dear Madame, Thank you for having taken the time to share on TripAdvisor your evaluation concerning your recent stay at Hilton Molino Stucky Venice and for letting us know how we are meeting your expectations. We always endeavour to offer the highest level of service and it would appear that on this occasion we failed to meet your expectations. Please accept our apologies for the issues you have experienced, we will definetely improve our training programs.  May I take this opportunity to confirm you that the safety and security of our guest is our most important priority and I would like also to reassure you about the safety of our pool area. I am glad to inform you that we have no recent record of any guest falling and hitting her head and I would obviously had been informed. This said, a lifeguard as well as first aid trained team members are always present upon pool opening hours. In regard to your comments on the size, may I say that the restoration project of the Molino Stucky was designed and approved following strict rules and regulations in compliance with the environmental and artistic restrictions applied to an ancient and monumental complex protected by local authorities. The structure still has the typical features of the old industrial architecture, which has certainly affected the project with some restraints when developing the leisure proposal, including our rooftop pool area. Although you express some disappointment, I hope we will have the opportunity to welcome you back in the not too distant future so that we can demonstrate the high level of service we are renowned for. Best regards,   Ilio Rodoni  General ManagerRead more