The first issue was the smell that hit us as soon as we got off the elevator on our floor. We talked to the front desk staff and they suggested that they upgrade us, at $80 per room per night (we had two rooms for four nights). We declined. The manager later suggested that they 'should have offered to spray, or move us.' Hmmm, you think? The explanation was that the issue was possibly due to a "low tide," but since there was no bad smell in the public rooms, that doesn't in the least excuse it to us.  The second major problem was the 'free shuttle'--the very facility that convinced us to book such an out-of-the-way hotel. We planned trips out of peak times, we got there early, and we still found 'no room on the boat.' One night at Zattere we encountered an elderly couple stuck…Read moreDate of stay: December 2014HelpfulShare Response from MolinoStuckyHilton, General Manager at Hilton Molino Stucky Venice HotelResponded Jul 13, 2015Dear Madame, Thank you for taking the time to let us have your impressions about your visit at Hilton Molino Stucky last winter. I would like to thank you especially for praising our Concierge Staff and its professionalism and I will share your kind words of appreciation with the whole Team. On the other hand I feel sorry that we did not meet all your expectations and I regret that you did not find our shuttle service to be efficient and adequate to your needs. Unfortunately we can offer a guaranteed maximum number of seats and we are sorry that during your stay you were experiencing some difficulties in finding available space. May I take this opportunity to inform you that besides our shuttle boat, which has frequent and regular rides, ACTV public transport station is only a few minutes’ walk away and connects any part of Venice with departures every 12 minutes. Please accept our apologies with regards to the discomfort you have experienced with one of the drivers of the shuttle boat: there is no excuse for the on-board staff attutude and I have personally addressed this to the management of the company. We will enforce additional measures in such cases as yours which please rest assured, remain isolated incidents. Guest feedback is a fundamental source to evaluate our efficiency and determine areas of improvement in service and we do hope that despite your disappointment on this occasion, we have the opportunity of welcoming you back to the hotel at some point in the future. Best regards,  Ilio Rodoni General ManagerRead more