The location of the hotel is great. Situated on the island of Giudecca, it is only 15minutes in a boat from St. Marks, with the hotel providing a shuttle service, in which you pay 7 euros for at the end of your stay but is worth every penny. Giudecca is an excellent location to escape the hustle and bustle of the tourists, but still contains some excellent restaurants with a beautiful view looking back at Venice.  The hotel facilities where excellent. Everything you could need was available. The hotel pool was great, although not big enough considering the size of the hotel, it was the perfect place to go to, to escape the warm temperatures. My only complaint about this would be the noise that came from the number of kids that would be messing in the pool, made the situation…Read moreDate of stay: June 2015HelpfulShare Response from MolinoStuckyHilton, General Manager at Hilton Molino Stucky Venice HotelResponded Jul 6, 2015Dear Sir,  Thank you very much for sharing your very positive experience on TripAdvisor   I am glad you enjoyed the Hilton Molino Stucky Rooftop Pool and its unique view and you liked to be away from the centre of Venice and  the more crowded areas. I am always pleased to read that our staff could not have been more helpful and I will share your kind comments with all of them. In regard to your comments on the size of the pool, may I take this opportunity to confirm that the restoration project of the Molino Stucky was designed and approved following strict rules and regulations in compliance with the environmental and artistic restrictions applied to an ancient building and monumental complex protected by local authorities. The structure still has the typical features of the old industrial architecture which has certainly affected the project with some restraints when developing the leisure proposal, including our rooftop pool. We thank you for being our guest and we hope to have the chance to welcome you soon again. Sincerely,  Ilio Rodoni General ManagerRead more