If you value your precious vacation time do not consider staying at this hotel. The "free" (we were charged a 7 Euro "Shuttle Boat" fee on our bill) shuttle service is inadequate for the number of guests.  It took us almost 3 hours to get back to the hotel on our first night.  Time we could have been enjoying a cocktail and relaxing in the hotel after a busy day of sightseeing instead of standing on a dock with 25 or more other irritated and frustrated travelers.  When the shuttle arrived the first time it was almost full (limit 39 passengers) so only a few passengers were let on.  The rest of us were told it would be back in an hour.  This time only two passengers were allowed on because it had filled up at the other stop.  It returned about 20 minutes later and dropped…Read moreDate of stay: June 2015HelpfulShare Response from MolinoStuckyHilton, General Manager at Hilton Molino Stucky Venice HotelResponded Jun 22, 2015Dear Guest, Thank you for posting a review on Trip Advisor and for sharing your opinion on the Hilton Molino Stucky. I do regret that you did not find our shuttle service to be efficient and adequate to your needs, however we can offer a guaranteed maximum number of seats and we are sorry that during your stay you were experiencing some difficulties in finding available space. In some circumstances, as an alternative, we are pleased to offer tickets for ACTV public transportation. The stop is only a few minutes’ walk away and a regular service connects any part of Venice with departures every 12 minutes. May I take this opportunity to confirm that in order to improve the quality of our service, since May 2015, our guests are charged € 3,50 per person per stay to use our shuttle boat. Please accept our apologies for the lack of service and attention you have experienced at our Skyline Bar. I have addressed the issue to our Food & Beverage Manager for action and review. Although you express some disappointment, I hope we will have the opportunity to welcome you back in the not too distant future so that we can demonstrate the high level of service we are renowned for. Best regards,   Ilio Rodoni  General ManagerRead more