Location - on an island overlooking Venice, therefore reliant upon the hotel's water shuttle.  Runs every 20/40 mins.  Full twice during our stay in April so could be a major problem in high season. Hotel - refurbished flour mill with many original features retained. Rooms small. Small executive lounge with no view. Food and drink - dined at the hotel's restaurant one night (separate review). Snack food such as sandwiches and burgers expensive at circa 30€.  Glass of house wine 10€. Misc - I am a Gold Member and stayed 5 nights to celebrate a major anniversary.  Disappointed that the hotel did not share our celebration in any way.  A couple of free drinks/ chocolates/ flowers would have been most welcome. Great hotels provide the 'personal touch'. Summary - good hotel but not…Read moreDate of stay: April 2015HelpfulShare Response from MolinoStuckyHilton, General Manager at Hilton Molino Stucky Venice HotelResponded May 5, 2015Dear Madame,  Thank you for posting a detailed review on TripAdvisor and for sharing your opinion on the Hilton Molino Stucky. We acknowledge and appreciate your constructive criticism as it will help us to improve the quality of our service. We are sorry you did not enjoy the Executive Lounge which offers a nice canal view and is in general one of the highlights of our hospitality for our valued HHonors members. In regard to the special occasion that brought you to Venice, we always take special care for guests staying with us for a particular celebration. Information is normally given prior to arrival or connected with the reservation made which does not seem to have happened with your booking. We do regret the lack of information occurred and I assure that we always aim to create moments of magic for our guests. Although you express some disappointment, I hope we will have the opportunity to welcome you back in the not too distant future so that we can demonstrate the high level of service we are renowned for.  Sincerely,  Ilio Rodoni General ManagerRead more