Avoid the food , I ordered a burger and fries and it was raw, sent it back then came out deep fried  and not edible,  everything was covered in salt, disgusting,so we gave up after that and ate out for dinner.  The hotel is nice on the surface but customer service is lacking. The curtains wouldn't close in our room so we rang guest services who sent a guy who wouldn't  go up a ladder, I told at if he brought the ladder I would fix  them myself, but he just  shrugged his shoulders and left. Not worth the Money  and the cover  charge just to sit at a table  is terrible.   They  even want to charge extra to use the gym , steam room and Jacuzzi never heard  anything like it in a hotel  before  avoid there are much better options for the money.Read moreDate of stay: April 2015HelpfulShare Response from MolinoStuckyHilton, General Manager at Hilton Molino Stucky Venice HotelResponded Apr 9, 2015Dear Madame,  thank you very much for posting your review on TripAdvisor. I feel sorry that you did not enjoy your stay with us and that your expectations were not met. I was informed about the issue you experienced at our Rialto bar and restaurant and while I am sorry about the misunderstanding with the hamburger cooking level I was informed by our Guest Relations Manager and Outlet Manager that you appreciated our customer service good will gesture of 50% discount which we offered for your unsatisfactory lunch experience. With regards to the curtains I was informed the next morning that due to the fact that it was not possible to repair them straight away, colleagues from Front Office offered you an immediate room move which you denied. May I also take this opportunity to confirm that we do not charge our Guests for the entrance to the Gym. The fee to access our Spa -beside entrance to the sauna, Jacuzzi and Turkish bath- includes a relax area where guests can help themselves to hot beverages and herbal teas as well as the use of personal amenities, like a bathrobe, towels and bathmat.  We do hope that despite your disappointment on this occasion, we have the opportunity of welcoming you back to the hotel at some point in the future.  Best regards,  Ilio Rodoni General ManagerRead more