Venice itself is overpriced for nearly everything you get, and this hotel being 15-20min boat ride away from St Marks Square is overpriced for the service you receive. Maid staff were great, desk staff some were ok but a little clueless as to even the local area around the hotel.  The sky bar food was awful! €20 for 2 slices of bread will tomato pure and cheese.  We stayed in the basic room, again well overpriced but it’s hilton so the room was better than any other hotel but your paying for it.  We went for my 30th birthday and even on the day we mentioned it to the hotel staff and nothing was done to make us feel special for spending a milestone birthday there.  Wouldn’t recommend it and would advise staying closer to the action in San Marco (might be a little more pricey, but…Read moreReview collected in partnership with Hilton Hotels & ResortsDate of stay: June 20191 Helpful voteHelpfulShare Response from MolinoStuckyHilton, General Manager at Hilton Molino Stucky Venice HotelResponded Jun 11, 2019Dear Guest, Thank you for taking the time to let us have your impressions about your visit at the Hilton Molino Stucky. We are sorry if our location did not entirely meet your expectations, however the Giudecca island is closer to the city centre and St. Mark’s Square than other areas in town. Besides our shuttle and private water taxies, the ACTV public transport (vaporetto / line 2) station is only a few minutes’ walk away and connects any part of Venice with departures every 12 minutes. On the next occasion I would suggest a visit of the Giudecca island, where you will discover a mix of 17th century houses, beautiful Gothic palaces, modern buildings and old factories from the early 19th century which were restored by important architects. The area has a burgeoning reputation as a hub of artistic activity and a lovely place to visit is the waterfront or fondamenta, alongside the Giudecca Canal. It is lined with numerous cafés, art galleries and restaurants, some of them belonging to the old Venetian cooking tradition, which we will be glad to recommend at the next opportunity of a visit in Venice. We thank you for being our Guest and we hope to welcome you again in the near future. Sincerely,  Ilio Rodoni  General Manager Read more