The ferry service was completely inadequate.  Often the ferry was full before all those who were waiting in line were able to get on...so the ferry would leave many of the guest behind.  On occasion, the staff would order a taxi for a select few.  The ferry service does not begin before 9AM and you could be left behind getting back to the hotel as the ferry might be full.  This happened to us many times.  We stayed on the executive floor, what a joke.  The food was poor and you were not "allowed" to take water from the lounge.  They do not provide free internet access except for a fee, even on the executive floor.  While they apologized frequently, they never remedied the problem to our satisfaction.   It was especially AWFUL to see some guests get to leave the hotel at the time…Read moreDate of stay: February 2015HelpfulShare Response from MolinoStuckyHilton, General Manager at Hilton Molino Stucky Venice HotelResponded Mar 20, 2015Dear Guest,  thank you for taking the time to share your Hilton Molino Stucky Venice experience on TripAdvisor. We regret that you were disappointed with your stay and were not satisfied with some aspects of our hotel and we feel sorry if in some occasions you were not able to board the shuttle. The capacity of this boat is of 39 seats and we usually suggest our guest to be on the dock at least five minutes before leaving hour. The shuttle service starts at 9.00 AM and we are sorry if you needed to get to San Marco before that time; however, please note that our shuttle is not the only option to get to San Marco, and if you need to move around Venice outside the shuttle operating hours (9:00 AM until midnight), you may use the ACTV public transportation service, which runs frequently and 24 hours a day. The Palanca station is only a few minutes’ walk away from the hotel and connects any part of Venice with departures every 12'. Concerning your Executive Lounge experience may I confirm that as per Hilton Worldwide policy, no food or drinks can be taken from the Executive Lounge under no circumstances, obviously with the exclusion of take-away disposable coffee and tea cups.     Although you express some disappointment, I hope we will have the opportunity to welcome you back in the not too distant future so that we can demonstrate the high level of service we are renowned for.  Best regards,   Ilio Rodoni  General ManagerRead more