We were offered an upgrade on our room to a suite but they failed to inform us we would be losing our direct view of the Grande Canal! Instead we had a view of a dirty side cabal and rubbish. Also the room was tatty with stained chairs and carpet and ripped wallpaper and damaged furniture. No tea or coffee facilities either. On complaining we received  poor unhelpful and unsympathetic customer service even though we had booked three months in advance and it was our wedding anniversary. We were charged €8 for ice in our room? Rather than just charge a room service charge for breakfast in our room we were charged €50 for the whole breakfast ! Plus a delivery charge !  They were falling over themselves to serve the more affluent guests and cruise customers arriving in their droves.…Read moreDate of stay: June 2019HelpfulShare Response from MolinoStuckyHilton, General Manager at Hilton Molino Stucky Venice HotelResponded Jun 11, 2019Dear Guest, Thank you for posting a detailed review on Trip Advisor and for sharing your opinion on the Hilton Molino Stucky. In the first place please accept our apologies if a member of our staff was not up to the level of care and attention expected at a Hilton property as this should never happen. All guests should receive the high level of service for which Hilton hotels are renowned and never feel neglected.In regard to the special occasion that brought you to Venice, we always take special care for guests staying with us for a special celebration. Information is normally given prior to arrival or connected with the reservation made which does not seem to have happened with your booking. We do regret the lack of information occurred. We have taken your comments to heart and we will certainly take in consideration your points in our Department Heads meeting. Guest feedback is a fundamental source to evaluate our efficiency and determine areas of improvement in service and we hope you will give us another opportunity to serve you in the future. Sincerely,  Ilio Roodoni General ManagerRead more