Just stayed at this hotel last week from mon-fri. The hotel itself is amazing but there is a few things they didn't tell us when booking.  First of all we booked this hotel because of it's spa and restaurants and because it's a hilton which you know is a top notch hotel and know you will be looked after. However on arrival we was told the main restaurant is closed due to improvement which is understandable because it's low season and the best/quiet time for them to do it. But this was not on their website when booking. Also we were told the spa was closed due to improvement which was a big disappointment as one of the reasons we booked it. So therefore on a night time we was left bored as the city closed early and nothing else left to do. However I would say during high season I…Read moreDate of stay: February 2015HelpfulShare Response from MolinoStuckyHilton, General Manager at Hilton Molino Stucky Venice HotelResponded Feb 10, 2015Dear Guest,   thank you for taking the time to write a review on Tripadvisor.   We are pleased you enjoyed your stay here; we are very sorry that you could not use our SPA, but we had to perform some emergency maintenance works for 3 days. This was really an emergency and a one-off, as normally the SPA is open 365 days a year (in 2014 it was closed only 1 day on Christmas day).   Regarding the closure of the restaurant: only our Aromi Restaurant is closed during winter, but this is advertised very clearly on our official website. Same thing goes for our rooftop pool and bar. This has been advertised for quite some time (since Summer 2014 at least), as I have just been informed by our Marketing Team. We are sorry if you did not have the chance to see this and were disappointed upon your arrival.   The Alilaguna waterbus takes 1 hour and 40 minutes from the airport to our hotel and costs € 18 per person. The private watertaxi costs € 115 total for 2 people with baggage and takes 30 minutes.   Summer is definitely our highest season but it is also when Venice is very crowded, this is why some people prefer the quietness of Winter.  We look forward to welcoming you back to our hotel   Thank you and best regards  Ilio Rodoni  General ManagerRead more