We spent four nights including the new years eve.I chose this hotel since it was 5stars and also had a complimentary shuttle.On new years eve we were left on the st marco deck since the shuttle was full and outside guests were using the shuttle and we paid 2300 euro for 4 nights.we got frozen and got sick next day.i called and asked whether they will send the next shuttle since the first one was full the answer was No.So we waited one hour on new years eve to be able to find a water taxi plus paid 70 euro for the water taxi.rooms are ok not 5 star we stayed at a deluxe room.please do not choose this hotel because of complimentary shuttle. there are many more other hotels you can stay inside Venice since it was out first time we did not know.breakfast is very good, house keeping…Read moreDate of stay: December 2014HelpfulShare Response from MolinoStuckyHilton, General Manager at Hilton Molino Stucky Venice HotelResponded Jan 14, 2015Dear Madame,  We are sorry to hear that you feel this way, however we are most appreciative of your TripAdvisor review regarding your stay at our hotel. You can be assured that we are most concerned our establishment did not offer you the usual standards expected by guests at Hilton.  I am also sorry about your comments with regards to our Guest Relations Manager as he is not a rude person at all and I trust that there has been some misunderstanding with regards to the issues you have experienced. He informed you in fact that besided our complimentary shuttle service there is also the public ACTV water bus with stops in S. Marco and Zattere and the Palanca stop is only a few minutes walk from the hotel. Moreover he told you that our boat service is indeed dedicated only for hotel guests and also for those external customers who come to our restaurants/bars. Finally I am pleased to confirm that on the 31st of December we have indeed icreased the shuttle boat rides and our guest could easily see that by comparing the timetable of the oher days.  We do hope that despite your disappointment on this occasion, we have the opportunity of welcoming you back to the hotel at some point in the future.  Best regards.  Ilio Rodoni General ManagerRead more