I have to say the room was good value, and the beds very comfy, which is a huge plus for me, as I have back problems. The housekeeping generally was excellent too. The view from the window was superb, and there was surprisingly little noise from the corridors. However, and its a biggy for me, it's all rather faceless and corporate, and not the Venetian experience I have come to know and love. If you stay here, I would recommend buying a Vaporetto (water bus) ticket at the airport ( you can get them for fixed periods e.g. 1 day,3 or7) and only use the Allilaguna transport to go from and to the airport. The hotel advertises a free shuttle service which goes across to the other side of the Giudecca Canal... it's a nightmare! It's unreliable, and huge queues form, with people…Read moreDate of stay: December 2014HelpfulShare Response from MolinoStuckyHilton, General Manager at Hilton Molino Stucky Venice HotelResponded Jan 9, 2015Dear Madame,  Thank you for taking the time to let us have your impressions about your visit at the Hilton Molino Stucky Venice. It was a pleasure to read that you have enjoyed your accommodation and found the staff to be helpfull. We are also pleased that you had the chance to dine at our new Bacaromi restaurant, a contemporary Bacaro where tasty cicchetti pay homage to the pure Venetian tradition.   On the other we are sorry if the location on Giudecca did not entirely met your expectations, however the Giudecca island is closer to the city centre and St. Mark’s Square than other areas in town. Besides our complimentary shuttle and private water taxi, the ACTV public transport (vaporetto / line 2) station is only a few minutes’ walk away and connects any part of Venice with departures every 12 minutes. I do regret that you did not find our shuttle service to be efficient and adequate to your needs and I feel sorry for your experience as regards the captains' attitude. Be assured that I have immediately forwarded your comments to the company who manages the service which is contracted to a local major operator. We hope to have the chance to welcome you soon again.   Best regards,   Ilio Rodoni General ManagerRead more