The positive first: The Hilton Molino Stucky does all a Hilton should do in room facilities and service. Unfortunately, nomen est omen for this place: If the shuttle boat doesn't run, you're stucky.   The hotel is on the island of Guidecca, which is separated from the main archipelago of Venice by the channel the cruise ships take. There is no bridge or tunnel to downtown Venice. You need to take a boat. (Well, you could swim, but I take it that's illegal, plus it's quite a swim, and you'd be all wet.)   You should only stay at the Hilton Molino Stucky if you are prepared to deal with the Venice public transportation system — i.e., water buses. A ticket for a single ride/crossing is 7 euros, so you'll need to buy a transit pass (20 euros a day, 30 for two days, 40 for three…Read moreDate of stay: August 2014HelpfulShare Response from MolinoStuckyHilton, General Manager at Hilton Molino Stucky Venice HotelResponded Sep 17, 2014Dear Sir/Madame,  We would like to thank you for taking the time to let us have your impressions about your visit at the Hilton Molino Stucky Venice and we acknowledge and appreciate your comments and constructive criticism as they will help us to improve the quality of the service offered to our guests.    We are sorry if the location in Giudecca was not entirely to your expectations; it is true that  we are not located right in the city centre, but we are only a few minutes away from the main Venice attractions and  still enjoy the vicinity in a quiet and relaxing atmosphere in a residential area which can be especially appreciated by guests and visitors who like to enjoy a more relaxing side of Venice.  For the benefit of other TripAdvisor’s users, I would like to confirm that the Venice City Tax is not a tax applied by the hotel, but from the Venice City Council and it is mandatory. For further infotmation please visit the official website: http://www.comune.venezia.it/flex/cm/pages/ServeBLOB.php/L/EN/IDPagina/48016  Thank you for being our guest and I hope to have the opportunity of welcoming you back in the future.  Best regards,  Ilio Rodoni  General ManagerRead more