We have stayed in Hilton and Conrad hotels in Asia and the Pacific and we choose to pay extra for the executive floor which provides exclusive benefits such as a separate executive level check in and a private lounge.  This hotel does not have an executive floor lounge, it is a sectioned off area of the public lobby.  The food on offer is dreadful, the soft drinks and beer were always warm, and it only serves alcohol between 5:00 and 7:00pm.  We had to wait 45 mins to check in due to incompetent staff who cannot manage the customers.  In other Hiltons, we have gone straight to the executive level for an express check in.  We were left wondering what we are paying the extra money for?   There was an ice bucket in our room although the ice machine was unplugged on the Executive…Read moreDate of stay: September 2014HelpfulShare Response from MolinoStuckyHilton, General Manager at Hilton Molino Stucky Venice HotelResponded Sep 10, 2014Dear Sir,  Thank you for taking the time to post a review on this website. We were sorry to learn that you were disappointed with your recent stay with us as we always endeavour to offer the highest level of service and it would appear that on this occasion we failed to meet your expectations.   We regret that you did not enjoy our Executive Lounge and that you have experienced a lack of service from the staff; we have pointed out the issue to the Department Head in charge for review. I would like to take this opportunity to confirm that guest having access to the Executive Lounge can help themselves to complimentary snacks and drinks throughout the day as well as hot beverages, soft drinks, beer and wines. Per Hilton standards, from 5 PM to 7 PM, we are pleased to offer our guests also a selection of finger food and appetizers. Although you express some disappointment, I hope we will have the opportunity to welcome you back in the not too distant future so that we can demonstrate the high level of service we are renowned for.  Best regards,   Ilio Rodoni  General ManagerRead more