Please read on..... I know my title sounds one of disappointment, but its not meant that way....the hotel is good but i found it to far from the centre itself (centre being  San Marco) and I know they have boat taxis to take you there and back, but I found it a bit of a hassle...waiting and timing when to go into the centre and return (watch out for the queue’s people to get onto the boat taxis....especially the disgruntled Americans.) . It is a nice hotel, but next time I would definitely stay more in the centre... As for the Champagne bar and swimming pool, both are sublime, brilliant places especially the Champagne bar (though not cheap but definitely worth a drink or two...it really is), as for the swimming pool and the sun lounges, there isn’t enough space. It is a waste of…Read moreDate of stay: July 2014HelpfulShare Response from MolinoStuckyHilton, General Manager at Hilton Molino Stucky Venice HotelResponded Aug 28, 2014Dear Sir/Madame,  We are sorry to hear that you feel this way, however we are most appreciative of your Tripadvisor review regarding your stay at our hotel. You can be assured that we are most concerned our establishment did not offer you the usual standards expected by guests at Hilton.  We appreciate your comment on the hotel location and while it is true that we are not right in the Venice centre, we are only a few minutes away from the city and very close to the main attractions, enjoying the vicinity and a great view over Venice in a quiet and relaxing atmosphere in a typical residential area. With regards to your mention on the size of the pool, may I say that the restoration project of the Molino Stucky was designed and approved following strict rules and regulations in compliance with the environmental and artistic restrictions applied to an ancient building and monumental complex protected by local authorities. The structure still has the typical features of the old industrial architecture, which has certainly affected the project with some restraints when developing the leisure proposal, including our rooftop pool area.  Although you express some disappointment, I hope we will have the opportunity to welcome you back in the not too distant future so that we can demonstrate the high level of service we are renowned for.  Best regards,  Ilio Rodoni General ManagerRead more