We stayed here with a group tour a few weeks ago. I would not have chosen this hotel on my own nor would I stay here again. I enjoy Hilton's, but they are neither a chain I am loyal to nor one that I would seek out specifically, just to give some background.   I thought the hotel itself was nicely appointed. My biggest complaints about it were: 1. Located across the way from the main Venice Island. You had to take a shuttle across and though we never missed a boat it was very easy to do so. There isn't another option if you miss it, unless you pay for a water taxi or Vaporetto. Inconvenient 2. Limited options at the hotel. The food and drink were overpriced, since you are basically isolated. 3. Its a giant hotel, thus catering to the convention and group crowd. Just not my style…Read moreDate of stay: June 2014HelpfulShare Response from MolinoStuckyHilton, General Manager at Hilton Molino Stucky Venice HotelResponded Jul 18, 2014Dear Madame,  Thank you for sharing your opinion on the Hilton Molino Stucky.  I am pleased to reply to your concerns in detail as follows.  The Hilton Molino Stucky is located on the Giudecca island, a nice and quiet residential area, just a 12 minutes boat ride from the crowded city centre and is especially appreciated by guests and visitors who like to enjoy a more relaxing side of Venice. It also hosts a number of good restaurants, some of them belonging to the old Venetian cooking tradition, which we will be glad to recommend at the next opportunity of a visit in Venice.  I do regret you did not find the pool size up to your expectations.The restoration project of the Molino Stucky was designed and approved following strict rules and regulations in compliance with the environmental and artistic restrictions applied to an ancient building and monumental complex protected by local authorities. The structure has the typical features of the old industrial architecture, which have certainly affected the project with some restraints when developing the leisure proposal.  As regards the transportation, may I take this opportunity to confirm that our complimentary shuttle boat runs every 20 to 40 minutes from 8 am in the morning to 1 am at night with the only exception of 1 hour break in the afternoon. In addition, Alilaguna public lines stop also in front of the Hotel, with direct connections to the Airport and the Cruise Harbour. Also, the ACTV public transport station is only a few minutes’ walk away (Palanca stop) and connects any part of Venice with departures every 10 minutes.  Thank you for your feedback and we look forward to welcoming you with us again in the future.  Sincerely,  Ilio Rodoni General ManagerRead more