This hotel is immediately south of Venice and an ideal spot for those going to multiple destinations. We were staying in Venice the night before a cruise, and the hotel was nearly equidistant between St. Mark's Square and the Cruise Port by water taxi. The hotel has welcoming and modern accents throughout and the rooms were excellent.  Two minor complaints, however:  First, the hotel porters were a bit over eager. I like to handle my own bags because a) I am capable; b) I bring little and; c) I had little spare change for tips. This was irrelevant as I could barely keep hold of my bags with their zealous attention to duty (and tip).  Second, the hotel NEEDS a complimentary breakfast. Because the hotel is on a separate island south of Venice it is very far from any restaurants…Read moreDate of stay: May 2014HelpfulShare Response from MolinoStuckyHilton, Manager at Hilton Molino Stucky Venice HotelResponded Jun 10, 2014Dear Sir, Madame,  Thank you for your positive comments about the hotel and for sharing your experience. I am pleased you enjoyed your room and the Hotel.  I am disappointed that you felt our Bell Boys to be too dedicated, from my point of view this is a quite positive attitude and may I take this opportunity to inform you that as in most of Europe, tipping isn’t expected in Italy.  The Hilton Molino Stucky is located in the Giudecca island, a nice and quiet residential area, just a 12 minutes boat ride from the crowded city centre and is especially appreciated by guests and visitors who like to enjoy a more relaxing side of Venice.  It also hosts a number of good and excellent bars and restaurants (walking distance from the hotel), some of them belonging to the old Venetian cooking tradition, which we will be glad to recommend at the next opportunity of a visit in Venice.  As regards the complimentary breakfast may I advise that we have a wide range of rates, some do include breakfast and some do not. On your next booking to the hotel please ask our reservation colleagues about our best offers which include breakfast.  I look forward to welcoming you back to the Hilton Molino Stucky Venice. Best regards.  Antonio Ruano  Director of OperationsRead more