Stayed in one of their basic rooms - very comfortable, nicely furnished, wooden beam ceilings, nice bathroom. The bar and restaurants are grossly overpriced. Reasonably good gym, nice spa (but you'll have to pay extra). The rooftop pool was shut for refurbishment when we were there and I think is shut over the winter (a shame - a heated pool on the roy would be a lovely touch). Shame the only free wifi was in the lobby, but worked reasonably well. Service at the front desk polite and efficient - very good.   The hotel is on Giudecca, i.e. completely cut off from central Venice, and while there's a free shuttle boat that gets you to two central drop-offs in about 5-10 minutes, it only ran a couple of times an hour at slightly awkward times (ten minutes between boats then 50…Read moreDate of stay: January 2014HelpfulShare Response from MolinoStuckyHilton, General Manager at Hilton Molino Stucky Venice HotelResponded Jan 30, 2014Dear Sir, dear Madame, Thank you for taking the time to post a review on this website and for your positive comments about your room and the good service received at our front desk.  I appreciate your comment on the hotel location and while it is true that we are not right in the Venice centre, we are only a few minutes away from the city and very close to the main attractions, enjoying the vicinity and a great view over Venice in a quiet and relaxing atmosphere in a typical residential area.  We acknowledge your constructive criticism on the shuttle service as it will help us to improve the quality of the service offered to our guests. As you also mentioned, the ACTV public transport  stop is only a few minutes’ walk away (7') and a regular service connects any part of Venice with departures every 10 minutes.  With regards to our prices may I take this opportunity to confirm that they are in line with other 5-stars hotels in Venice.  We place great value on guests’ opinion and we look forward to welcoming you with us again in the near future.  Sincerely,  Alessandro M. Cabella General ManagerRead more