My wife and I first stayed here in April of 2011 for 1 night, pre cruise and could not have been more impressed at that time.  We stayed on HH points and at the time I was a Diamond level member. WOW, have things changed in less than 3 years!    We just spent 7 nights at the Molino Stucky, arriving on Christmas day and departing on New Years day.  While many (most) things were excellent and as we expected there are some serious shortcomings at this hotel.  I actually feel bad pointing them out because so many things were so excellent.  We, in fact, came back to this hotel because we were so blown away with the hotel, service and food etc.  Sadly, this 7 day stay showed us things have changed big time!  I'll try to categorize this as efficiently as possible and be to the point. …Read moreDate of stay: December 2013HelpfulShare Response from MolinoStuckyHilton, General Manager at Hilton Molino Stucky Venice HotelResponded Jan 28, 2014Dear Sir,  Thank you for taking the time to post an exhaustive review on this website. I am glad you were satisfied with most of our Staff service and your kind comments will be shared among our employees.  On the other hand I am truly sorry to learn that you were not happy about your second stay at our property.  I do regret that you did not find our shuttle service to be efficient and adequate to your needs as the feedback from our guests is in general very positive.The capacity is of 40 seats and we usually suggest our guests to be on the dock at least 10 minutes before leaving hour. As you also mentioned the ACTV public transport station Palanca is only a few minutes walk away and connects any part of Venice with departures every 10 minutes. I am also sorry that you have found prices at our Restaurant to be expensive, though I would like to assure you that they are in line with other 5-star hotels in Venice.  Finally we are sorry that our Executive Lounge was not up to your expectations. I would like to take this opportunity to inform that guest having access to the Executive Lounge can help themselves to complimentary snacks and drinks throughout the day as well as hot beverages, soft drinks and wines. Per Hilton standards, from 6 PM to 8.30 PM, we are pleased to offer our guests a selection of finger food and appetizers.  Although you express some disappointment, I hope we will have the opportunity to welcome you back in the not too distant future so that we can demonstrate the high level of service we are renowned for.  Sincerely, Alessandro M. Cabella  General ManagerRead more