As a Diamond member my wife and I also enjoyed the benefit of an upgrade to a corner suite, a lovely room with views over the city.....but that was as good as it got. The location of the hotel on Guidecca island is poor with access only by a 10 minute walk from the Vaporetto stop or the Hilton shuttle boat. In the winter months this is not a frequent service and there is no sheltered area to wait. Guidecca has very limited facilities so to get to a decent restaurant means a trip back to the main Sestieri district. Check in was slow, a wait of some 8 minutes. The Executive Lounge is a narrow glass enclosed passage way adjacent to the lobby bar, with the feeling of being in a goldfish bowl. Be warned only wine and soft drinks are available and the alcohol only until 19.30, and…Read moreDate of stay: November 2013HelpfulShare Response from MolinoStuckyHilton, General Manager at Hilton Molino Stucky Venice HotelResponded Dec 10, 2013Dear Sir, Thank you for posting a detailed review on TripAdvisor and for sharing your opinion on the Hilton Molino Stucky Venice. We are pleased to hear that you appreciated the room upgrade and benefits that you have received as a HHonors Diamond member.  On the other hand we are sorry if the location did not entirely meet your expectations.  The Giudecca island is closer to the city centre and St. Mark’s Square than other areas in town and besides our complimentary shuttle and private water taxi, the ACTV public transport (vaporetto / line 2) station is only a few minutes’ walk away and connects any part of Venice with departures every 12 minutes.  I am also sorry you did not enjoy the Executive Lounge located on the ground floor which offers a nice canal view and is in general one of the highlights of our hospitality and may I confirm that the selection of food and beverage is made available to guests following the international standards applied to all Hilton hotels of the Hilton group.  With regards to the business centre I am pleased to inform you that we do offer this service which is open from 7 am to 7 pm, I am sorry if this information was not given to you.  We thank you anyway for your constructive criticism as it will help us to improve the quality of the service offered to our Guest and we do hope that should your plans bring you back this way, you will give us another chance to serve you.   Sincerely,  Alessandro M. Cabella  General ManagerRead more