I enjoyed most everything about the hotel, including the room, breakfast, and overall property. Breakfast was good, although quite busy at peak times. I was upgraded to a water view (Diamond Member), which was nice - but a little noisy with the window open due to boat traffic. The executive lounge was just OK, with a small selection of food and drinks. The lounge could really use just one or two more items of food to allow for variation. One night, the hot items (2 typically) were the same in both dishes, so only one item hot and one item cold to choose. Neither were very good that night.   My biggest issue with the hotel is basically the travel time to Marco Polo Airport. Basically, you have three options: 140 euros for a private water taxi, the Blue Alilaguna line which takes…Read moreDate of stay: March 20191 Helpful voteHelpfulShare Response from MolinoStuckyHilton, General Manager at Hilton Molino Stucky Venice HotelResponded Mar 18, 2019Dear Guest,  Thank you very much for having taken the time to share with us your comments concerning your stay at Hilton Molino Stucky Venice. We are sorry that you did not enjoy the Executive Lounge located on the ground floor which offers a nice canal view and is in general one of the highlights of our hospitality and may I confirm that the selection of food and beverage is made available to guests following the international standards applied to all Hilton hotels of the Hilton group. We acknowledge and appreciate your constructive criticism as it will help us to improve the quality of the service offered to our guests. We are also sorry if the location in Giudecca did not entirely meet your expectations; It is true that we are not located right in the city centre, but we are only a few minutes away from the main Venice attractions and our guests can still enjoy the vicinity and a great view over the city from a quiet and relaxing atmosphere in a typical Venetian residential area. We would like to take this opportunity to inform also other travelers that the distance from the Marco Polo airport is more or less the same for all Hotels located in Venice historical centre.  Sincerely,  Ilio Rodoni General Manager Read more