The standard rooms themselves are very small, but none-the-less very clean and beautifally decorated. We decided to upgrade to an executive room in order to have a view of the water. Executive room guests are typically allowed to enjoy the Executive Lounge throughout the day (sometimes even 24 hours) which includes free internet and refreshments from the executive snack area. Unfortunately, the Venice "executive" lounge is comparable to that of the glass cubicles alotted to smokers at the airport. It's a narrow, glass-enclosed area sectioned off for executive members only.  Additionally, in contrast with our experience at other Hilton hotels, executive members are only given free access to beer, wine, and cola during a specified timeframe--rather inconvenient considering that…Read moreReview collected in partnership with Hilton Hotels & ResortsDate of stay: October 2013HelpfulShare Response from MolinoStuckyHilton, General Manager at Hilton Molino Stucky Venice HotelResponded Nov 13, 2013Dear Madame,  We are sorry to hear that you feel this way, however we are most appreciative of your TripAdvisor review regarding your stay at our hotel. You can be assured that we are most concerned our establishment did not offer you the usual standards expected by guests at Hilton.  We appreciate being advised of any breach in the usual service for which our hotel is noted and we are sorry you did not enjoy the Executive Lounge which offers a nice canal view and is in general one of the highlights of our hospitality. Guests with access can enjoy complimentary snacks and drinks throughout the day as well as hot beverages, soft drinks and wines. Per Hilton standards, from 6 PM to 8.30 PM, we are pleased to offer our guests a selection of finger food and appetizers.  Your comments are being reviewed and we are looking forward to welcoming you again, not only at Hilton Molino Stucky Venice but also at any of our other Hilton hotels.   Best regards,  Alessandro M. Cabella General ManagerRead more