I think it has to first off all be said that it's worth remembering that this is a review of a five star hotel and as a five star hotel it's nothing more than average at best. You hope that for five star prices you would get something a bit special. But overall this hotel provided no wow factor at all. The building itself is very nice to look at. The view from the roof is impressive. The location was ok. It didn’t bother us that we were needed to get on a boat to get anywhere. It’s Venice. You expect that. Staff were ok, although not very proactive in their customer service. Not once did anyone approach us and ask us if we needed help whenever we clearly needed it. I was always appreciative of the fact that the staff spoke very good English. Breakfast was nothing special.   When…Read moreDate of stay: August 2013HelpfulShare Response from MolinoStuckyHilton, General Manager at Hilton Molino Stucky Venice HotelResponded Aug 22, 2013Dear Sir/Madame  We are sorry to hear that you feel this way, however we are most appreciative of your TripAdvisor review regarding your stay at our hotel. You can be assured that we are most concerned our establishment did not offer you the usual standards expected by guests at Hilton. We appreciate being advised of any breach in the usual service for which our hotel is noted.  In regard to your comments on the size of the pool and of the Spa, may I say that the restoration project of the Molino Stucky was designed and approved following strict rules and regulations in compliance with the environmental and artistic restrictions applied to an ancient building and monumental complex protected by local authorities. The structure still has the typical features of the old industrial architecture, which has certainly affected the project with some restraints when developing the leisure proposal, including our rooftop pool area   Your comments are being reviewed and we are looking forward to welcoming you again, not only at Hilton Molino Stucky Venice but also at any of our other Hilton hotels.   Best regards,  Alessandro M. Cabella General ManagerRead more