The Hilton Molino Stucky Venice Hotel is located inside of an old restored flour mill on Giudecca Island. This island is across the Giudecca Canal from the main Island of Venice (just a 5 minute shuttle boat away). The exterior of the building is made out of brick and it looks very impressive. Giudecca Island is not very crowded so if you are looking at staying away from the tourist filled areas of Venice, this is the place for you.   I stayed here with my wife for one night on a Sunday evening in late October and enjoyed my stay and thought the hotel was nice.   We paid 280 Euros a night plus we paid 108 Euro extra for a corner room with Executive Lounge access (we upgraded at the last minute). While the hotel was nice, the visit was not that great as there was unusual flooding…Read moreDate of stay: October 20181 Helpful voteHelpfulShare Response from MolinoStuckyHilton, General Manager at Hilton Molino Stucky Venice HotelResponded Feb 7, 2019Dear Guest, Thank you for taking the time to let us have your impressions about your visit at the Hilton Molino Stucky. We are sorry if our location did not entirely meet your expectations, however the Giudecca island is closer to the city centre and St. Mark’s Square than other areas in town. Besides our shuttle and private water taxies, the ACTV public transport (vaporetto / line 2) station is only a few minutes’ walk away and connects any part of Venice with departures every 12 minutes. On your next visit to Venice May we suggest to visit the Giudecca island where you will discover a mix of 17th century houses, beautiful Gothic palaces, modern buildings and old factories from the early 19th century which were restored by important architects. The area hosts a number of good and renowned restaurants, some of them belonging to the old Venetian cooking tradition, which we will be glad to recommend at the next opportunity of a visit in Venice. We thank you for being our Guest and we hope to welcome you again in the near future. Sincerely,  Ilio Rodoni  General Manager Read more