As others have pointed out, the hotel is superbly located and it is delightful. We had a canal view room and it was idyllic. Only issue is with the hotel boat shuttle, that given the hotel's location, is essential for a guest's enjoyment of the city. I am sure the boat drivers are part of the local boatmen syndicate because they run the service like they don't give a hoot about the guest enjoyment. Case in point, The boats take a 2 hour break for dinner, just when most people have finished with dinner in the main islands and are ready to get back to the hotel. Then, at 21:40 they send the smallest boat possible that is unable to fit the line of about 80 people waiting to get back to the hotel... Next boat? 10:20 a full 40 minutes later!!! Didn't feel like we were staying at a…Read moreDate of stay: July 2013HelpfulShare Response from MolinoStuckyHilton, General Manager at Hilton Molino Stucky Venice HotelResponded Aug 19, 2013Dear Sir/Madame,  Thank you very much for posting your positive review on TripAdvisor and for taking the time to let us know how we are meeting your expectations.  We also appreciate your constructive criticism regarding the shuttle service and we do apologize for any inconvenience you have experienced.  May I take this opportunity to confirm that our complimentary shuttle boat runs every 20 to 40 minutes from 8 am in the morning to 12:40 at night with the only exception of one hour break in the morning and one in the evening. In addition there is the Alilaguna public lines which stops as well in front of the Hotel, with direct connections to the Airport and the Cruise Harbour. Also, the ACTV public transport station is only a few minutes’ walk away and connects any part of Venice with departures every 10 minutes.  Although you express some disappointment, I hope we will have the opportunity to welcome you back in the not too distant future so that we can demonstrate the high level of service we are renowned for.  Best regards,  Alessandro Cabella  General ManagerRead more