Firstly I'd like to say that overall we had a good time and most of the staff were wonderful. Very friendly and helpful, they even sent us a free bottle of prosecco to congratulate us on our marriage.   However, two things in particular made our stay a bit unhappy. Firstly, the bed sheets were absolutely horrible - like sand paper. No doubt in need of replacing a long time ago. Touches like this can often be the case in franchise Hiltons, they just don't put in the effort (or more likely don't want to spend the money) compared to full Hilton hotels. (We are Diamond members and have stayed in a lot of Hiltons over the last few years.)  The lounge (used by gold and Diamond members) was one of the worst I've been in. They are supposed to provide you with a selection of snacks and…Read moreDate of stay: October 20183 Helpful votesHelpfulShare Response from MolinoStuckyHilton, General Manager at Hilton Molino Stucky Venice HotelResponded Dec 27, 2018Dear Madame, Thank you very much for your review on TripAdvisor with regards to your Honeymoon stay at Hilton Molino Stucky which we confirm is a Hilton managed property. We are pleased to read that you had a good time and that you have appreciated our wonderful Team Members. On another note we are sorry that your expectations were not completely met and that our Executive Lounge, which offers a nice canal view and is in general one of the highlights of our hospitality, was not up to your expectations. We appreciate being advised of any breach in the usual service for which our hotel is noted and I will definitely inform our Food & Beverage Manager in order to improve our service. I would like to take this opportunity to inform that our property follows the Hilton International standards and Guest having access to the Executive Lounge can help themselves to complimentary snacks and drinks throughout the day as well as hot beverages and soft drinks. We acknowledge your constructive criticism as your feedback is a fundamental source to evaluate our efficiency and determine areas of improvement and we hope to welcome you again in Venice in the near future. Best regards,  Ilio Rodoni General Manager Read more