Got to the hotel after quite a crazy journey. Car taxi ride to marina. Told this is as far as he can take us. 45 euros. At docks no idea which boat taxi to board or how we pay for it. Lovely italian lady told us to board a certain one which we did. Didnt pay. Wernt asked. Had no idea if we were meant to. Dropped us 5 mins walk from hotel so had to cart our luggage till there. Dark and late so weren't impressed. Never had issues getting to a hotel or feeling lost and clueless before. Jump into taxi an we are dropped off at doorstep. But ah well at least on way back we can make sure hotel helps us get back to airport easier.   Came into the hilton an there was no one to greet us. We had to ask where we needed to go. Pointed to reception to a guy with black hair and glasses.…Read moreDate of stay: January 2013HelpfulShare Response from MolinoStuckyHilton, General Manager at Hilton Molino Stucky Venice HotelResponded Feb 22, 2013Dear Guest Thank you for taking the time and trouble to post a review of the Hilton Molino Stucky on Tripadvisor. Our aim is to provide each and every guest with a wonderful and memorable experience, and I am sorry that this was not evident in your case. We always endeavour to offer the highest level of service and it would appear that on this occasion we failed to meet your expectations. Your comments will of course be forwarded to the relevant management for their attention. Please accept my personal apologies if a member of our staff was not up to the level of care and service expected at a Hilton property as this should never happen. With regards to your dinner  I am sorry that the experience at our restaurant didn't meet with your expectations as we receive normally lovely feedbacks. May I take this opportunity to inform you that in short walking distance from the hotel there are a number of good and excellent restaurants, some of them belonging to the old Venetian cooking tradition, which we will be glad to recommend at the next opportunity of a visit in Venice. I do hope that should your plans bring you back this way, you will give us another chance to serve you.  Best regards,  Alessandro Cabella  General ManagerRead more