If you are looking for the ambiance of a historic Venetion property with the comfort and security of a North American style hotel, the Hilton Molino Stucky is for you. Situated on the island of Guidecca, you are a hop, skip, and jump on the hotel's own water taxi service, or the public service nearby to all that Venice has to offer, including the Main Island, the ferry terminal and San Marco Square. The island is much quieter than San Marco, but so close! The rooms are small (but it IS Venice, so to be expected) but modern, and well equipped. The rooftop bar and pool are really enjoyable. Dinner at the hotel restaurant was very good (is there bad food in Italy?). However, la piece de resistance is the morning hotel buffet.....OMG - this is some of the best food in the world.…Read moreDate of stay: July 2012HelpfulShare Response from MolinoStuckyHilton, General Manager at Hilton Molino Stucky Venice HotelResponded Feb 22, 2013Dear Guest, Thank you very much for the positive review posted on this website. We appreciate your nice comments on the famous Hilton’s breakfast and on the efficiency of our complimentary shuttle service which is offered to our Guest in order for them to reach  the main Island and San Marco in 5 and 15 minutes. The Hilton Molino Stucky is located in the Giudecca island, a nice and quiet residential area, just a 12 minutes boat ride from the crowded city centre and is specially appreciated from guests and visitors who like to enjoy a more relaxing side of Venice. Thank you also for the kind comments with regards to the room equipment. May I take this opportunity to inform you that the hotel has various and different levels of rooms, from standard to deluxe and executive rooms and suites. The standard King size rooms are indeed very comfortable but sometimes smaller than the ones of higher categories. I hope we will have the chance to welcome you back in the near future to let you experience another memorable  stay with us. Kind regards Alessandro Cabella General ManagerRead more