We were looking forward to be in the unique city of Venice. We were not very excited when we left. We got there by overnight train from Vienna, train station was not nice or pretty at all. When we got out we took a private water taxi close to the station (which does not have any way to get your luggage down from the station except using STAIRWAYS) I had 3 full size luggage that I had to carry each one step by step, that is Italy..No one to help or take your luggage. The water Taxi fare is 60 Euros for about 10 minutes ride to the hotel, had no choice because all the stuff we had. We arrived to the hotel about 09:30 AM, we got check-in in a reasonable time but the room would not be available until Noon..They allowed us to the executive lounge since I am a Hilton Honor Gold…Read moreDate of stay: January 2013HelpfulShare Response from MolinoStuckyHilton, General Manager at Hilton Molino Stucky Venice HotelResponded Jan 24, 2013Dear Guest, First of all we would like to thank you for taking the time to let us have your impressions about your visit at the Hilton Molino Stucky Venice.  We regret that this time we did not entirely met all your expectations although you expressed a positive feedback with regards to our famous Hilton Breakfast and our Staff who always try their best to welcome our guests and make sure their stay is a memorable one. In this regard let me allow to apologize for the misunderstanding occurred with our Executive Lounge Supervisor which only purpose was to explain the offer in terms of Food&Beverage choice. All-day refreshments include a selection of snacks and savoury crackers, fresh fruit as well as hot beverages, soft drinks and mineral waters. Per Hilton standards, from 3 PM to 6 PM we offer a selection of biscuits, cookies and cakes, as well as fruit tartlets and local pastries.  From 6 PM to 8.30 PM, we are pleased to offer our guests also cold and hot canapés, a cheese platter with a selection of raw vegetables with dips and a selection of aperitifs, digestives, spirits, red and white wine and beers. All food and beverage items are constantly replenished from our waiters and Executive Lounge staff. In regard to a special birthday amenity, we are always pleased to take special care of guests staying with us for a special celebration. However the information should be received in connection with the reservation, in order to give us time to prepare any arrangement in advance. All your points have been taken into consideration and were a matter of discussion at our Department Heads meeting. Guest feedback is an Important source to evaluate our efficiency and determine areas of improvement in service. Your contribution was very helpful and appreciated and we look forward to welcoming you with us again in a not too far distance. Sincerely,  Alessandro Cabella General ManagerRead more