I had mixed feelings about this hotel. Its in a beautiful old building, yet this building is somewhat difficult to get to, and removed from the main portion of Venice. Also several service issues.   While the hotel does have a good view of the city, only certain room get this view. Our room was on a high floor, and had tiny windows overlooking a courtyard. The door to the room would click shut unless it was slammed hard, my wife was never able to get it to close. The room itself was also quite small, even by European standards. Our biggest problem was the noise from the bar/ restaurant upstairs. We could hear individual footsteps from everyone, as well as the music thumping through the floor. We called at midnight, they said it would be over by 1am. We called at 1 am, they said…Read moreDate of stay: January 2013HelpfulShare Response from MolinoStuckyHilton, General Manager at Hilton Molino Stucky Venice HotelResponded Jan 23, 2013Dear Guest, First of all we would like to thank you for taking the time to let us have your impressions about your visit at the Hilton Molino Stucky Venice. I was pleased to read that you found the team to be  friendly and helpful. On the other hand please  accept our apologies for the inconveniences encountered with the music coming from a party on our Skyline bar and for getting unclear information over the phone. With regards to the  Deluxe room which was not up to your expectations, please be informed that our hotel has various and different levels of rooms, from standard to deluxe and executive rooms and suites with and without view and they can be chosen upon reservation process.  We are sorry if the location in Giudecca was not entirely to your expectations; It is true that  we are not located right in the city centre, but we are only a few minutes away from the main Venice attractions and  it is nice to enjoy the vicinity in a quiet and relaxing atmosphere in a residential area. May I take this opportunity to advise you as well that besides  our shuttle boat, which has frequent and regular rides, ACTV public transport station is only a few minutes’ walk away and connects any part of Venice with departures every 10 minutes. Thank you for being our guest and we hope to have the chance to welcome you  again one day.  Sincerely.  Alessandro Cabella General ManagerRead more