The Hilton Molino Stucky in Venice was a terrible disappointment.  Uninspired and inconvenient.  Caters to huge package tour groups: if you are interested in arts and culture and the mystery of this exquisite city, you should skip this hotel altogether.   And if you enjoy fine food, you should avoid the restaurants.  You can do much better.   Location:  poor.  Very inconvenient.  The hotel is not located near the center of the action.  It is located on an island quite far from the center of Venice.  The hotel provides a free shuttle service which stops at only two locations in Venice... but the shuttle stops completely in mid-day.  Twice I found myself running through the narrow streets of Venice to make it to the shuttle boat in time.   Nothing is more frustrating than arriving…Read moreDate of stay: November 2012HelpfulShare Response from MolinoStuckyHilton, General Manager at Hilton Molino Stucky Venice HotelResponded Dec 19, 2012Dear Guest, First of all we would like to thank you for taking the time to let us have your impressions about your visit at the Hilton Molino Stucky Venice. We are sorry if we did not entirely meet your expectation and I am sorry that the experience at our restaurant was not appreciated as we have received lovely feedback in the past. I have passed your comments onto the team to review and do hope that should your plans bring you back this way, you will give us another chance to serve you. The Hilton Molino Stucky is located in the Giudecca island, a nice and quiet residential area, just a 12 minutes boat ride from the crowded city centre and is especially appreciated from guests and visitors who like to enjoy a more relaxing side of Venice. May I take this opportunity to confirm that our complimentary shuttle boat runs during the winter  period every 20 to 40 minutes from 9  am in the morning to 12 pm at night with the only exception of 2 hour break in the afternoon. In addition, Alilaguna public lines stop also in front of the Hotel, with direct connections to the Airport and the Cruise Harbour. Also, the ACTV public transport station is only a few minutes’ walk away and connects any part of Venice with departures every 10 minutes.  I must admit that I was really surprised on the negative feed-back in regards to our building architecture and lay-out. The huge restoration project of the Molino Stucky was designed and approved following strict rules and regulations in compliance with the environmental and artistic restrictions applied to an ancient building and monumental complex protected by local authorities. The structure still preserves  the typical features of the old industrial neo-gothic architecture and it is recognized as one of the most beautiful flour mills in Europe. The first project dates back 1884 and was commissioned to the famous German architect Ernst Wullenkopf. As regards Internet, to improve guest satisfaction, complimentary internet will be introduced at the beginning of 2013 in the public areas of all Hilton hotels.  Although you express some disappointment, I hope we will have the opportunity to welcome you back in the not too distant future so that we can demonstrate the high level of service we are renowned for. Kind regards. Alessandro Cabella General ManagerRead more