Second stay here.   Last time the Executive Lounge was close to the top floor and had little or no view of Venice but graciously, generously served up a rich array of hot and cold food, with wines, spirits, beer, soft drinks, and champagne.   This time the Executive Enclosure (my name for what looks and feels like a holding area) offers nuts, cheese, bread sticks, and nothing more in terms of things to eat. All day long. With the exception of some breakfast leftovers from the main restaurant and the addition of cheap, sweet unsavouries for the afternoon. Plus a bottled beer.  And that's it. No spirits. No champagne. No nothing else.  Obviously some wise Hilton head, detached from reality and any notion of what it means to be a committed customer, decided that the upstairs…Read moreDate of stay: November 2012HelpfulShare Response from MolinoStuckyHilton, General Manager at Hilton Molino Stucky Venice HotelResponded Dec 6, 2012Dear guest, Thank you for taking the time to let us have your positive  impressions about your visit at the Hilton Molino Stucky. On the other hand please accept our apologies if our staff at the Executive Lounge was not up to the level of care and service expected at a Hilton property as this should never happen and we have pointed out the issue to the Department Head in charge for review. I am sorry that our Executive Lounge, which offers a great canal view and is one of the highlights of our hospitality, was not up to your expectation and may I confirm that the selection of food and beverage is made available to guests following the international standards applied to all Hilton hotels of the Hilton group. All-day refreshments include a selection of snacks and savoury crackers, fresh fruit as well as hot beverages, soft drinks and mineral waters. Per Hilton standards, from 6 PM to 8.30 PM, we are pleased to offer our guests also cold and hot canapés, a cheese platter with a selection of raw vegetables with dips and a selection of aperitifs, digestives, spirits, red and white wine and beers. All food and beverage items are constantly replenished from our waiters and Executive Lounge staff. We place great value on your opinion and hope we may look forward to welcoming you with us again in a not too far distance. Sincerely. Alessandro Cabella  General ManagerRead more