We spent one night at the Hilton Molino Stucky after a cruise.  As it was raining when we arrived in our water taxi we were grateful that the hotel has its own jetty and a porter was there to greet us and get us into the hotel as quickly as possible.  We arrived mid-morning before our room was ready but were able to store our bags and go over to Venice for the day.  The rooms and public areas were of a similar standard to many other Hiltons (although we did have a wonderful view of the canal and Venice from our room).  The hotel is in a superb position, right on the water and is away from all the crowds but only a short ride on the shuttle to St Mark's Square.  On our second day we walked around the area near the hotel and enjoyed seeing a less "touristy" aspect of Venice.  We…Read moreDate of stay: November 2012HelpfulShare Response from MolinoStuckyHilton, General Manager at Hilton Molino Stucky Venice HotelResponded Dec 6, 2012Dear Guest, Thank you for posting your review on Tripadvisor. We are glad to see that you liked our property but we are also sorry we did not entirely live up to your expectations. Please accept our apologies  if you found the room not up to our standards, we have addressed the issue to the Housekeeper Manager for action and review.  I am sorry that you have found prices to be expensive as we always strive to meet our guest’s expectations and to comply with their requests. We acknowledge your comments though I can also assure you that prices of food and beverage in our bars and restaurants are in line with other 5-stars hotels in Venice. Please accept also our apologies for the music  which was played in our Ballroom to celebrate the end of an important event. I have been informed that the music was lowered but there is no excuse for the fact that  you were not contacted by the Manager on Duty that night. We place great value on your opinion and hope we may look forward to welcoming you with us again in a not too far distance. Sincerely. Alessandro Cabella  General ManagerRead more