I rated this hotel Average overall because we experienced everything from great to not so great.  We stayed Oct 15 - 17 before our cruise so keep in mind it's only 2 nights and while we are Hilton Honors members we aren't Gold and that could make a difference too.   The Great - we got connecting rooms.  We wanted our daughter and grandson to be in a connecting room, not just next door. I'd asked for connecting rooms in advance and was told they'd try.  When we checked in, we were given rooms next door to each other but not connecting.  I found it hard to believe a hotel this size couldn't accommodate us so my husband and I went back downstairs and asked someone else if we could have connecting rooms and they found rooms for us.  Yay.  Checking out was painless and quick.  The…Read moreDate of stay: October 2012HelpfulShare Response from MolinoStuckyHilton, General Manager at Hilton Molino Stucky Venice HotelResponded Nov 21, 2012Dear Guest, Thank you for posting an exhaustive review on Trip Advisor and for sharing your opinion on the Hilton Molino Stucky and for letting us know how we are meeting your expectations.  We also acknowledge and appreciate your constructive criticism as it will help us to improve the quality of the service offered to our guests. I do regret that you did not find our shuttle service to be efficient and adequate to your needs as the feedback from our guests is in general very positive. I am also sorry that you have found prices at our Restaurant to be expensive, though I would like to assure you that they are in line with other 5-star hotels in Venice. In regard to Internet, to improve guest satisfaction Hilton Hotels constantly review their pricing policies. With this in mind, complimentary internet will be introduced at the beginning of 2013 in the public areas of all hotels.  We place great value on guests’ opinion and we look forward to welcoming you with us again in the near future. Sincerely, Alessandro Cabella General ManagerRead more