Stayed there for one night after a cruise. Room was not ready when we arrived at 10 am (although we wrote an email as goldmembers to request an early arrival), because as a cruise-guest - you are not alone! The problem was that we were both sick (had a cold, fever,...) - otherwise it would be a great day spending the time in Venice, but if you feel bad and every step seems to kill you - it´s not fun.  Luckily the WOW-effect was waiting when we got our room in the afternoon - it was a huge and very nice Suite on the 4th level with 2 bathrooms, living- and diningroom, great hallway and bedroom.  We also appreciated to have german tv-channels to hear something sounding "home" after 2 weeks holiday. We received also entrance to the Executive Lounge which is on the ground level and…Read moreDate of stay: October 2012HelpfulShare Response from MolinoStuckyHilton, General Manager at Hilton Molino Stucky Venice HotelResponded Nov 13, 2012Dear Guest, I am pleased that you enjoyed your stay with us and that you have appreciated the hotel’s facilities and services, as well as our Staff working in the Executive Lounge. I regret we were not able to accommodate you before 2 PM but on days with a high number of departures and arrivals we cannot guarantee an early-check-in. Nevertheless I am pleased that as valued HHonors Gold member you were satisfied with the free upgrade to one of our biggest suites and that you have appreciated our complimentary shuttle boat. On the other hand I am sorry if the Concierge service failed in one occasion and I have informed about this issue their responsible in order to improve the quality of the service offered to our Guests and to take corrective actions. We acknowledge your comments on prices, though I can also assure you that prices of food and beverage in our bars and restaurants are in line with other 5-stars hotels in Venice. I look forward to welcoming you back to the Hilton Molino Stucky Venice.  Best regards. Alessandro Cabella  General ManagerRead more