This was stop #1 of 4 on my honeymoon. They gave us a nice room with a balcony overlooking the river.   Pros: -Huge rooms for Venice -Extremely nice Executive Lounge (typical for Europe, but way nicer than almost any in the US). They even offer to make you Cappuccino. -Free shuttle to Zattere and St Marks Square. You have to look up the timetable closely to enjoy it, and if they cut the schedule ever I would permanently mark this hotel off my list. -Accessible from Vaparetto from airport as well as the ACTV public ferry.   Cons: -Its location on Guidecca is what allows it to be so large and gives you easy access to some restaurants where the few locals left in Venice might eat, but other than that it is a nuisance. Its generally dead at night even on the weekends, and there is a…Read moreDate of stay: October 2012HelpfulShare Response from MolinoStuckyHilton, General Manager at Hilton Molino Stucky Venice HotelResponded Nov 6, 2012Dear Guest, Thank you for posting your review on Tripadvisor and for sharing your opinion on the Hilton Molino Stucky. We are pleased to hear that you enjoyed your stay with us and we thank you for mentioning the hotel facilities like our Executive Lounge.  We are sorry if the location in Giudecca was not entirely to your expectations; It is true that  we are not located right in the city centre, but we are only a few minutes away from the main Venice attractions and our guests can  enjoy the vicinity in a quiet and relaxing atmosphere in a residential area. May I also reassure you on the safety;  Giudecca, as well as the rest  of Venice, is indeed very safe and residents and tourists can enjoy evening walks without worries. With regard to the public water bus transport may I confirm that our  Front Desk gave you accurate information as  it is possible to buy tickets on boad. Please see information available on ACTV web site as follows : 7,00 € - ON-BOARD WATERBUS TICKET, 60’ - If you board without a ticket, you must request one from the "marinaio" (sailor/attendant) at the board platform and before boarding. Allows travel on all water services (except those of routes Alilaguna, and Actv routes no. 16, 19, 21, Casinò and Vaporetto dell'Arte) for 60 minutes from stamping, with transport means change allowed in the same direction. Does not include the return journey. Included in the price is the transport of one luggage item of up to 150 cm as the sum of its three dimensions.  Additional detailed information is available in our website, at the Transportation section and is updated on a regular basis. We do hope to have the opportunity of welcoming you back to the hotel at some point in the future. Best regards. Alessandro Cabella  General ManagerRead more