After reading reviews about the distance from the hotel to Venice, we decided the distance would be worth the comfort of being in a know hotel brand.    The exterior is impressive, the lobby is understated and fashionabile.   We are Hilton Honors members without status, but we waited for our turn at the checkin.    The staff was cool, but not unpleasant.   At the desk, I mentioned that i had written to them twice hoping for a nice room and acknowledgement that it was our 40th anniversary.   We had paid for  King Executive.    When we were finally checked in, we discoverd that our room was in another building, with a great view of the rooftop AC units and the king room was missing a king bed.   Apparently, a European King is actually a Queen.   We requested a change but were told…Read moreDate of stay: September 2012HelpfulShare Response from MolinoStuckyHilton, General Manager at Hilton Molino Stucky Venice HotelResponded Oct 23, 2012Dear Guest, Thank you for taking the time to let us have your impressions about your visit at the Hilton Molino Stucky Venice. In the first place please accept our apologies if you felt that our Staff was not up to the level of care and friendliness expected at a Hilton property as this should never happen. All guests should receive the high level of service and attention for which Hilton hotels are renowned and never feel neglected. We are sorry if the location in Giudecca did not entirely meet your expectations; It is true that we are not located right in the city centre, but we are only a few minutes away from the main Venice attractions and still enjoy the vicinity and a great view over the city and a quiet and relaxing atmosphere in a typical Venetian residential area. We are disappointed that you did not appreciate the comfort of our beds as we normally receive a lovely feedback from our clients. Sizes of king beds in Italy and Europe may vary between 160x190 cm and maximum 200x200cm. The standard Hilton size is 180x200cm. We also appreciate your constructive criticism regarding the visit to Murano and we are pleased to confirm that the transfer to Murano is a complimentary service, arranged in cooperation with a few of the most prestigious glass shops, featuring also a showroom, an exhibition area as well as  a glass-blowing demonstration for our guests.  Thank you for being our guest and we hope we can welcome you soon again here in Venice. Sincerely. Alessandro Cabella General ManagerRead more