The Hilton Molino Stucky in Venice tries hard to meet your expectations.  The service level from the staff is excellent and the concierge were very knowledgeable about the area and options for a family of 5, but after a clean room and good service, is where it starts to fall over.  Location - The biggest negative for the Hilton is its location.  It is based on the island of Giudecca which means that you are committed to using the Hilton water taxi service or the more expensive Venetian water taxis to get back and forth.  The Hilton's shuttle boat from/to St. Marks Square (San Zaccaria) and from/to "Zattere" is complimentary but while it runs regularly, it only serves St. Marks Square once and hour and with small kids the "hike" from Zattere to the rest of Venice is too much - so…Read moreDate of stay: July 2012HelpfulShare Response from MolinoStuckyHilton, General Manager at Hilton Molino Stucky Venice HotelResponded Oct 23, 2012Dear Guest, First of all we would like to thank you for taking the time to let us have your impressions about your visit at the Hilton Molino Stucky Venice. We are sorry if the location in Giudecca did not entirely meet your expectations; It is true that we are not located right in the city centre, but we are only a few minutes away from the main Venice attractions and still enjoy the vicinity and a great view over the city and a quiet and relaxing atmosphere in a typical residential area. May I take this opportunity to confirm that our complimentary shuttle boat runs every 20 to 40 minutes from 8 am in the morning to 1 am in the night with the only exception of 1 hour break in the afternoon. In addition, Alilaguna public lines stop also in front of the Hotel, with direct connections to St. Marks Square, to the Airport and the Cruise Harbour. Also, the ACTV public transport station is only a few minutes’ walk away and connects any part of Venice with departures every 10 minutes. In regard to your comments on the size of the pool area, may I say that the restoration project of the Molino Stucky was designed and approved following strict rules and regulations in compliance with the environmental and artistic restrictions applied to an ancient building and monumental complex protected by local authorities. The structure still has the typical features of the old industrial architecture, which has certainly affected the project with some restraints when developing the leisure proposal, including our rooftop pool area. Nevertheless, we are proud to be the only hotel offering in Venice a rooftop pool with a breathtaking view over the city and its lagoon. As regards the breakfast service at the Molino Restaurant, I do regret that the experience was not up to your expectations.  We acknowledge and appreciate your comments and criticism as they will help us to improve the quality of the service offered to our guests.  We always place great value on the opinion of our guests and we hope to welcome you with us again in the near future. Best regards, Alessandro Cabella General ManagerRead more