We originally were going to stay at another 5 star hotel in Venice, but my husband convinced me that we should stay here because it would have good modern facilities and excellent staff, which is not the case.  We were coming off a cruise so we booked our room in two parts, the first to cover the early check in and then the second for 2 additional nights.  So we had two different bookings.  When we arrived we were told we had been upgraded to a Tower corner suite, but unfortunately it would not be ready till later in the day, I said what, we had paid for last night where is our room.  They said oh we are sorry we have your booking here, but we thought you were not coming.   We were given keys and went to our suite, nobody said anything about what was included breakfast,…Read moreDate of stay: September 2012HelpfulShare Response from MolinoStuckyHilton, General Manager at Hilton Molino Stucky Venice HotelResponded Oct 16, 2012Dear Guest Thank you for taking the time to post review on this website and I am sorry to learn that you were disappointed with your recent stay at the hotel. In the first place please accept my most sincere apologies for the lack of attention at check-in regarding the hotel services and amenities as well as for the misunderstanding with your accommodation. The Suite assigned to you was indeed ready for your early arrival in the morning and such a mistake from our Front Desk Agent should have not occurred. On the other hand, our Guest Relations Manager – who escorted you to your suite – was at your disposal for any assistance and additional information. We regret the malfunctioning of the internet connection but we have indeed experienced a number of problems with the supplier of the hotel internet network which have certainly affected our clients. Once again please accept our apologies for the inconvenience caused. Thank you for pointing out the shortage of adequate amenities and supplies in the room which have been immediately addressed to the Housekeeping Supervisors.  Finally we are sorry that our Executive Lounge was not up to your expectations and if you have experienced a lack of service from the staff. Once again we have pointed out the issue to the Department Head in charge for review. I would like to take this opportunity to inform that guest having access to the Executive Lounge can help themselves to complimentary snacks and drinks throughout the day as well as hot beverages, soft drinks and wines. Per Hilton standards, from 6 PM to 8.30 PM, we are pleased to offer our guests a selection of finger food and appetizers. Although you express some disappointment, I hope we will have the opportunity to welcome you back in the not too distant future so that we can demonstrate the high level of service we are renowned for. Best regards,  Alessandro Cabella General ManagerRead more