The location of this hotel was great for us. It isnt in the middle of Venice which I really liked. They have free shuttles that go regularly enough to Dosudoro and the other parts of Venice so we were able to go see what we wanted to see easily and get around fine, but we werent in the middle of all the congestion and tourism. We went in the middle of august and were a bit afraid that it would be crazy- the hotel was a little crazy with lots of people there- but the island was pleasant to walk around on. There were even still some locals present which was nice. There were several restaurants quite close and a great and really reasonable take out pizzeria within 5 minutes. There were also a couple little grocery like stores where you could go get veggies and fruits if needed- and…Read moreDate of stay: August 2012HelpfulShare Response from MolinoStuckyHilton, General Manager at Hilton Molino Stucky Venice HotelResponded Oct 2, 2012Dear Guest, Thank you for posting an exhaustive review on Trip Advisor and for sharing your opinion on the Hilton Molino Stucky. I am pleased you liked the location in Giudecca and the surroundings. I am sorry however that you did not thoroughly enjoy the Executive Lounge which offers nice canal views and is one of the highlights of our hospitality.  Guests with access can enjoy complimentary breakfast in the morning until 10 A.M.  All-day refreshments include a selection of snacks and savoury crackers, fresh fruit as well as hot beverages, soft drinks and mineral waters. Per Hilton standards, from 3 PM to 6 PM we offer a selection of biscuits, cookies and cakes, as well as fruit tartlets and local pastries.  From 6 PM to 8.30 PM, we are pleased to offer also cold and hot canapés, a cheese platter with a selection of raw vegetables with dips and a selection of aperitifs, digestives, spirits, red and white wine and beers. Thank you for your feedback and we forward to welcoming you with us again in the future. Sincerely, Alessandro Cabella General ManagerRead more