My husband and I have just returned from a holiday to Venice and Lake Garda.  We chose the Hilton Molino Stucky because the rooftop pool looked gorgeous and we thought it would be a refreshing break after spending a day exploring Venice.  We also like the fact it wasn't on the Grand Canal since a lot of reviews said that it could be very noisy, and we were looking for a nice balance between relaxation, but plenty to see and do if we wanted. We indulged in a private water taxi from Venice Marco Polo airport to the hotel which was arranged by the hotel's concierge.  We would highly recommend taking a private water taxi.  It started off our Venice experience beautifully.  Although, you can take a bus from the airport to the train station for about 7 euros.  It takes 20 minutes.…Read moreDate of stay: August 2012HelpfulShare Response from MolinoStuckyHilton, General Manager at Hilton Molino Stucky Venice HotelResponded Oct 2, 2012Dear Guest, Thank you for posting a detailed review on Trip Advisor and for sharing your opinion on the Hilton Molino Stucky. In the first place please accept our apologies if a member of our staff was not up to the level of care and attention expected at a Hilton property as this should never happen. All guests should receive the high level of service for which Hilton hotels are renowned and never feel neglected. May I also advise that upgrades to our valued HHonors members are granted upon availability and according to the tier rating they belong. In regard to the special occasion that brought you to Venice, we always take special care for guests staying with us for a special celebration. Information is normally given prior to arrival or connected with the reservation made which does not seem to have happened with your booking. We do regret any lack of information occurred. We have taken your comments to heart and we will certainly take in consideration your points in our Department Heads meeting.  Guest feedback is a fundamental source to evaluate our efficiency and determine areas of improvement in service.  We look forward to welcoming you with us again in the near future. Sincerely, Alessandro Cabella  General ManagerRead more