We stayed in this hotel a month back at the peak of the European summer. Nothing much to complain about the hotel premises or surroundings. Its a nice hotel, great views from the rooms. Its an old mill which has been converted into a hotel.   A few let downs would be owing to the tourist season the hotel was packed to the hilt and so there was a lot of noise in the lobby and the restaurants always seemed full.   They offer free rides to the city centre which is a wonderful add on given the fact commuting is impossible unless you want to swim in the canal :)   There is a lot of ruh for these free boats and we opted for the private boats which I thought were a bit pricey at 110 Euro. Again these rates are not consistent with different staff. The night staff would offer us a price…Read moreDate of stay: July 2012HelpfulShare Response from MolinoStuckyHilton, General Manager at Hilton Molino Stucky Venice HotelResponded Sep 7, 2012Dear Guest, Thank you for posting a very detailed review on Trip Advisor and for sharing your opinion on the Molino Stucky Hilton. We are delighted that our services met with your expectations and that you enjoyed your stay with us as well as the facilities and services offered in the hotel. For the benefit of other Trip advisor’s users, I would like to confirm that all water taxis in Venice are subject to official minimum rates approved from the City Council. A night extra charge of € 10 per ride is applicable. Beside private transportation, there are very efficient public services: Alilaguna lines stop right in front of the Hotel, with direct connections also  to the Airport and the Cruise Harbour. Furthermore, ACTV public transport station is only a few minutes’ walk away and connects any part of Venice with departures every 10 minutes during the day and at night. In regard to our complimentary shuttle boat, this is indeed a service contracted to a local major operator. We are sorry if you found the signage to be insufficient however public sign-posting in Venice is subject to strict limitations. You will find additional details and information in our website at the transportation menu or by contacting our Concierge Team at any time. Thank you for being our guest and we look forward to welcoming you with us again in the near future. Sincerely, Alessandro Cabella, General ManagerRead more