I chose to stay in this hotel at the end of a long vacation/cruise!  Venice is postcard perfect and the beauty is enough to overcome most any problem.  It is apparent that who you are matters in Europe and this includes where you are from....I and several other Americans were made to wait a long time for a room while we watched others mostly European get a room. Immediately.  I have traveled quite a lot lately and really appreciate good honest service.  It is very expensive to travel in Europe.  Very often Americans are ignored or rudely treated.  Molino Stucky is very close to St. Marks square and they offer a comp Alliguna shuttle, yet it is for everyone not just guests!!  You need to plan and put up with some arrogant operators but it is still convenient.  I went to the bar…Read moreDate of stay: August 2012HelpfulShare Response from MolinoStuckyHilton, General Manager at Hilton Molino Stucky Venice HotelResponded Sep 7, 2012Dear Guest, Thank you for posting your review on Trip Advisor and for choosing to stay at the Molino Stucky Hilton after your cruise. Due to our vicinity to both cruise terminals, our hotel is indeed a favourite with cruise-makers ! I am really sorry if you felt that American guests do not enjoy the same hospitality that we reserve to our guests. All guests are always welcomed in the same way, though on days with a high number of departures and arrivals, we cannot guarantee to all incoming guests an early check-in, which is at 2 P.M. I am pleased you have appreciated our complimentary shuttle boat, which is strictly reserved to hotel guests. In regard to the cover charge, may I advise that the € 3 cover charge at our Rialto Restaurant is a standard charge for all dining guests, with the exception of children. It is a regular standard practice in restaurants in Venice and in Italy and includes a selection of bread and rolls, grissini, butter as well as condiments like Italian extra-virgin olive oil and premium balsamic vinegar. I am sure you have appreciated the courtesy in cancelling the amount from your bill from our waiter.  Thank you for your feedback and we forward to welcoming you with us again in the future. Sincerely, Alessandro Cabella General ManagerRead more