Spent 4 nights at Hilton in Venice on an special offer from BA. Large hotel slightly outside of the centre.   Pros: good for business trips; very big choice of good quality food at breakfast; nice back yard where you can have breakfast in summer; polite and helpful staff. Good sized rooms, good quality furniture, nice bathrooms. Offers free transfer to the centre by a boat, which leaves from Hotel steps (however if you come back in the evening I would not rely on it as there are many people waiting and you may not fit into first or even second boat and end up waiting for 30 or an hour). Happened to be there on the roof-top-party Saturday - was a great fun event! Swimming pool is not very big, but was good for a short refreshing swim in hot July weather in Venice. There are many…Read moreDate of stay: July 2012HelpfulShare Response from MolinoStuckyHilton, General Manager at Hilton Molino Stucky Venice HotelResponded Sep 10, 2012Dear Guest, Thank you for posting a review about your stay.  I would like to thank you for your positive comments on our breakfast and for the hotel services and facilities, though I am sorry an upgrade to your room was not available, as we have indeed experienced a very busy summer season this year. The Molino Stucky Hilton is an ancient building, originally a flour mill and factory, recently restored and reconverted to the biggest hotel in Venice. It represents one of the most important pieces of industrial architecture in Italy. Though not typically Venetian in style, it is a milestone in the XIX century architecture. The hotel is located in the Giudecca island, a nice and quiet residential area, just a 12 minutes boat ride from the city centre and is specially appreciated from guests and visitors who like to enjoy a more relaxing side of Venice. It also hosts a number of good and excellent restaurants, some of them belonging to the old Venetian cooking tradition, which we will be glad to recommend at the next opportunity of a visit in Venice. We thank you for being our guest and we hope to have the chance to welcome you soon again. Sincerely, Alessandro Cabella - General ManagerRead more