We stayed at the hotel for 3 nights after we got engaged. Beautiful, gorgeous views of Venice and the Canal! As expected, the hotel is really out of the way. This became extremely challenging at night as it took over an hour to return from the Rialto Bridge area. Arriving with luggage was also problematic as we didn't want to pay a fortune for a private water taxi from the train station, and taking the public transit meant a 10 min walk with luggage across 3 bridges which was not easy.  Hotel rooms are luxurious and very clean. We had an issue with mosquitoes in the room, which unfortunately took the hotel staff a very, very long time to resolve. They tried their best, but they needed to switch our rooms immediately if not the next day. They did not switch our rooms until the…Read moreDate of stay: June 2012HelpfulShare Response from MolinoStuckyHilton, General Manager at Hilton Molino Stucky Venice HotelResponded Sep 7, 2012Dear Guest, Thank you very much for choosing the Molino Stucky Hilton for such a special occasion. I am glad you enjoyed your stay though I do regret the inconvenience with mosquitoes and am pleased that our staff could eventually assist you to find a solution. Please accept my apologies for the apparent misunderstanding connected with your reservation and if we failed to deliver the amenities you requested in your room. I appreciate your comment on the hotel location and while it is true that we are not located right in the Venice centre, we are only a few minutes away from the city and very close to the main Venice attractions. Also, for assistance and information on how to reach the hotel, details are always available on our website at the transportation menu. Thank you for your comments on prices, though I can also assure you that prices of food and beverage in our bars and restaurants are in line with other 5-stars hotels in Venice. We thank you for being our guest and we hope to have the chance to welcome you soon again. Sincerely, Alessandro Cabella General ManagerRead more