Stayed here on a family trip with our young daughters and it suited us very well. We had a family suite which by any standard (let alone Venice’s) was very spacious. The hotel itself is in a beautifully restored old flour mill on Giudecca and hotel services are what you’d expect in a top end Hilton - courteous and efficient staff, good buffet breakfast etc. On the other hand, it inevitably lacks the personal touch of smaller hotels.   Depending on your point of view the location is either a plus or a minus.  We liked being away from central hubbub of Venice, and Giudecca is a more normal Venice neighbourhood than most of the main island - lots of local shops and cafes filled with locals and just a few visitors.   You do need to get a ferry across to St Mark’s square, but the…Read moreDate of stay: October 2018HelpfulShare Response from MolinoStuckyHilton, General Manager at Hilton Molino Stucky Venice HotelResponded Nov 2, 2018Dear Guest, thank you for your kind review on TripAdvisor, we are really happy to know that you have enjoyed your stay with us and that you appreciated the location on the Giudecca island which is a mix of 17th century houses, beautiful Gothic palaces, modern buildings and old factories from the early 19th century which were restored by important architects. The area has a burgeoning reputation as a hub of artistic activity and a lovely place to visit is the waterfront or fondamenta, alongside the Giudecca Canal. It is lined with numerous cafés, art galleries and restaurants, some of them belonging to the old Venetian cooking tradition and we are glad that you had the opportunity to discover this peaceful and original side of the Serenissima. We would like to take this opportunity to confirm that the cost of our shuttle boat to St Marks square is 7.50 € per person per stay.  Thank you for being our Guest and we hope to welcome you and your family again to experience other lovely moments in Venice. Sincerely,  Ilio Rodoni  General ManagerRead more