Firstly let me say, the Hilton Molino Stucky is one of the nicest hotels you could stay in when visiting Venice. Some may complain about the shuttle boat, some may complain about the pool size, some may complain about the location, but in terms of quality of service and accommodation, it is a ‘good’ choice.  But, when we stayed here 5 years ago this hotel was listed in the top 3 on Tripadvisor, now it’s 63 ! This is the difference from being a ‘good’ choice to being an EXCEPTIONAL one.  We’re Hilton Diamond members, and as such are very Pro Hilton, and will always choose Hilton unless the price/review(s) is such that better options exist.  Some of the issues and disappointments we experienced may be why the Hilton Molino Stucky is no longer in Tripadvisors top 3.  1)	We were…Read moreDate of stay: August 2012HelpfulShare Response from MolinoStuckyHilton, General Manager at Hilton Molino Stucky Venice HotelResponded Sep 5, 2012Dear Guest, Thank you for posting an exhaustive review on Trip Advisor and for sharing your opinion on the Molino Stucky Hilton. When the hotel opened in 2007, our position on this website was indeed at a higher level, but it is also true that a very limited number of properties were rated. Please excuse any lack of attention to your HHonors membership: I have addressed the issue to the Front Office Management to ensure that the proper welcome procedures are followed. We are sorry you did not enjoy the new location of Executive Lounge which offers a fantastic canal view and is one of the highlights of our hospitality for our HH members. May I also advise that the selection of food and beverage is made available to guests following the international Hilton standards. We are extremely sorry for the unfortunate episode occurred with the luggage trolley and we are pleased to confirm that all suitcases were safely recovered with no damage to their content. We thank you for the constructive criticism and we look forward to welcoming you with us again in a not too far distance. Best regards. Alessandro Cabella  General ManagerRead more