we had booked two club rooms for the family,almost a month before our our stay at euros 297.50 per room per day and after about 10days when we checked the rates they had dropped to euros 229.00 for the same rate,the reply we got from hilton was that the best rate guarantee was not applicable for packages,its a shame and we feel that we overpaid for the rooms,and should waited for a last minute booking,definately will look at alternate chain of hotels next time who guarantee their best rates for all quotes, our stay was comfortable rooms were spacious, however we were not happy with the club lounge as it was a small area in the lobby adjoining to the restaurant,even the usual business facilities were missing and one had to walkover to another area to use the computer…Read moreDate of stay: August 2012HelpfulShare Response from MolinoStuckyHilton, General Manager at Hilton Molino Stucky Venice HotelResponded Sep 7, 2012Dear Guest, Thank you for posting your review on Tripadvisor. May we advise that the difference in price pointed out in your review refers to rooms of different categories and does not include the same offer (with and without breakfast). I am also pleased to reply to your comment as this gives us the opportunity to give additional details on how rates vary with the offer and demand. Tariffs are time sensitive and guests can see lower rates also after having confirmed a booking. Rates can either go up (as the hotel sells out) or go down (as the hotel receives cancellations). For instance, an Advance Purchase Rate is the ebst available rate at the time of booking. I am sure you area aware that this is a standard practice implemented in the travel industry. I am also sorry you did not enjoy the location of Executive Lounge which offers a fantastic canal view and is one of the highlights of our hospitality for our HH members. We are carrying our regular disnfestations in our guestrooms against mosquitos. However, during the hot summer season, they are certainly finding in the Venetian lagoon the perfect habitat and therefore impossible for us to eradicate fully. We are truly sorry for the inconvenience that they have caused you during your stay. We thank you for being our guest and we hope to have the chance to welcome you soon again. Sincerely, Alessandro Cabella General ManagerRead more