Check in was efficient; the only thing that was! The room in fairness was ok but no room information at all and no services explained about the hotel. We rang for coffee and milk as it was not replenished and eventually after a couple of calls from us it finally arrived over an hour later. The staff in the roof bar seemed very disorganised although the chap in the bar overlooking the water was efficient. Our main bug bear was the shocking service from the shuttle. It was erratic, unreliable and a real bunfight to get on it because the boats were too small and if there was no one wanting to get off, it just didn't arrive at the first station. Twice we were not able to get on it and then at night we waited an hour because it was full from san marco and so didn't stop at our…Read moreDate of stay: August 2012HelpfulShare Response from MolinoStuckyHilton, General Manager at Hilton Molino Stucky Venice HotelResponded Aug 10, 2012Dear Guest, First of all we would like to thank you for taking the time to let us have your impressions about your visit at the Hilton Molino Stucky Venice. We are sorry if we did not entirely meet your expectations: I have discussed your comments at our Head of Department meeting to review the procedures of the services you have pointed out and to make sure yours remain isolated incidents. I do regret that you did not find our complimentary shuttle service to be efficient and adequate to your needs, however we can offer a guaranteed maximum number of seats and we are sorry that during your stay you were experiencing some difficulties in finding available space. In some circumstances, as an alternative, we are pleased to offer tickets for ACTV public transportation. The stop is only a few minutes’ walk away and a regular service connects any part of Venice with departures every 10 minutes. Although you express some disappointment, I hope we will have the opportunity to welcome you back in the not too distant future so that we can demonstrate the high level of service we are renowned for. Best regards,  Alessandro Cabella General ManagerRead more