We chose the Molino Stucky as it was on offer with British Airways.  The island factor of the location added to the appeal as we were aware that the main islands of Venice can get congested around the key tourist areas.  We arrived by shared water taxi (highly recommended) and as the last drop off had a free tour of the main sights before arriving at the hotel.    The sign for check in was on display and after a fifteen minute wait got to the desk only for the staff member to disappear out of sight.  We waited a further 5 minutes and noticed that the check in was for Hilton Honors visitors only (this part had been obscured by the waiting arrivals).  So off to join another queue at the "normal" reception for check in.  Ten minutes later we were finally at the desk and the check…Read moreDate of stay: July 2012HelpfulShare Response from MolinoStuckyHilton, General Manager at Hilton Molino Stucky Venice HotelResponded Aug 10, 2012Dear Guest, Thank you for posting your review on Trip Advisor and for sharing your opinion on the Molino Stucky Hilton We are very sorry if you have experienced a delay on arrival with the check-in procedures and for lack of assistance with your luggage: I have addressed the issue to the Front Office to improve the assistance to our guests. In regard to your comments on the breakfast service at the Molino Restaurant, I do regret that the experience was not up to your expectations and the misunderstanding on the location of the main breakfast area. All our guests are welcomed at the breakfast desk outside the restaurant and should receive information and directions on the available seating areas. The € 3 cover charge at our Rialto Restaurant is a standard charge for all dining guests, with the exception of children. It is a regular standard practice in restaurants in Venice and in Italy and includes a selection of bread and rolls, grissini, butter as well as condiments like Italian extra-virgin olive oil and premium balsamic vinegar. Please accept our apologies for the wrong expenses charged to your room account. It is unfortunate that another guest gave a wrong room number and caused the misunderstanding and I am glad you could amend the mistake before check-out. May I take this opportunity to advise that the nature of the claim raised from another guest was of a different nature and was being dealt with from the Front Office. Finally, I am pleased to confirm that our Concierge Team is always available to assist and help our guests with any kind of suggestions and information also regarding the tourist activities and attractions available in Venice, including a visit to Murano.  We acknowledge and appreciate your comments and criticism as they will help us to improve the quality of the service offered to our guests.  We always place great value on the opinion of our guests and we hope to welcome you with us again in the near future. Best regards, Alessandro CabellaRead more