Booked this hotel for my 10 year wedding anniversary as I am a Diamond member and stay at Hiltons all over the world for business.  As we had mentioned the occasion before we arrived we were greeted with champagne and chocolate strawberries in the room and upgraded from an exec room to a suite overlooking the river. Our first impressions were very good and great views, the receptionist was very friendly and I got the usual diamond member treatment to free Internet and exec lounge access.  The first slight issue we had was that you need to get on the complimentary shuttle to get over to the main island. Although not a huge issue it did inconvenience us occasionally when trying to time things.  The main issue was the facilities, in short the spa and pool are far too small for the…Read moreDate of stay: July 2012HelpfulShare Response from MolinoStuckyHilton, General Manager at Hilton Molino Stucky Venice HotelResponded Aug 6, 2012Dear Guest, Thank you for posting your positive review on Trip Advisor and for sharing your opinion on the Molino Stucky Hilton. We are pleased to hear that you appreciated the room upgrade and benefits that you have received as a HHonors Diamond member. We are sorry you did not enjoy the Executive Lounge located on the ground floor, which offers a fantastic canal view and is in general one of the highlights of our hospitality for our HH members. Guests with access can enjoy complimentary snacks and drinks throughout the day as well as hot beverages, soft drinks and wines. Per Hilton standards, from 6 PM to 8.30 PM, we are pleased to offer our guests a selection of finger food and appetisers.  In regard to your comments on the size of the pool and of the Spa, may I say that the restoration project of the Molino Stucky was designed and approved following strict rules and regulations in compliance with the environmental and artistic restrictions applied to an ancient building and monumental complex protected by local authorities. The structure still has the typical features of the old industrial architecture, which has certainly affected the project with some restraints when developing the leisure proposal, including our rooftop pool area and Spa.  We acknowledge and appreciate your constructive criticism as it will help us to improve the quality of the service offered to our guests.  We place great value on your opinion and we look forward to welcoming you with us again in a not too far distance. Best regards. Alessandro Cabella  General ManagerRead more