I have just arrived back from this hotel after 7 days and am so incensed that i have had to write this review. The hotel is beautiful and the rooms are great. Breakfast was good and staff were courteous and pleasant. HOWEVER. upon checking in I had two rooms for my family these were not ready until two hours later than check in time,  at 4pm. The hotel took 3 security deposits for both rooms of 1395 euros instead of 700. After 3 days i complained to reception about the error and the erroneous extra charges such as drinks from bars not visited and movies not watched. I was promised the money to be returned. It is now 5 days later and no sign of the money. I will never stay at a Hilton ever again.Read moreDate of stay: July 2012HelpfulShare Response from MolinoStuckyHilton, General Manager at Hilton Molino Stucky Venice HotelResponded Aug 2, 2012Dear Guest, Thank you for posting your comments on TripAdvisor. Though we are sorry for the inconveniences you are experiencing with the pre-authorisation amounts charged to your credit card (which should be considered as temporary transactions and not sales), we are pleased to confirm that these are always automatically released on check-out. The procedure is an international common practice which is applied by major brands, as well as in all Hilton hotels worldwide.  Please do not hesitate in contacting us directly if you need additional assistance. May I take this opportunity to explain the invoicing procedures of the minibar: our Minibars have an automatic billing system. When items are removed (to store for instance other products) or moved for a minimum time (20 seconds), the corresponding amount is automatically added to the hotel bill.  For this reason guests are always asked at check-out if they have used the minibar. In case of a negative reply, if a minibar item appears in the invoice, it is automatically deleted and not charged. Thank you for being our guest and we look forward to welcoming you again. Best regards, Alessandro Cabella General ManagerRead more