Stayed at this hotel in an executive suite. There's so many things that need to improve, and here's a few of them. Each of these things individually is not a massive problem, but the accumulation of all the small, annoying things, is awful when on holiday.  1. Internet charges are extortionate.  2. Computer in lounge area where internet was free was 'broken' the whole time we were there. Either there's no IT engineers in the whole of Venice or the staff just didn't care.  3. Food/drink prices are beyond extortionate. Yes, it's the Hilton but those burgers aren't made of gold.  4. Soundproofing between rooms non-existent. You better hope the guy next door doesn't have a cough.  5. On arrival, nobody to help with taking bags to room / showing us where the room is. You are left to…Read moreDate of stay: July 2012HelpfulShare Response from MolinoStuckyHilton, General Manager at Hilton Molino Stucky Venice HotelResponded Aug 2, 2012Dear Guest, Thank you for posting an exhaustive review on Trip Advisor and for sharing your opinion on the Molino Stucky Hilton. We have taken your comments to heart and we will certainly take in consideration your points in our Department Heads meetings.   In the meantime, I am pleased to reply to your concerns in detail as follows:  • Internet rates, as well as our food and beverage prices are in line with other 5-stars hotels in Venice. Hilton is currently providing free internet to Gold & Diamond members of the HHonors loyalty programme. To improve guest satisfaction, complimentary internet will be introduced at the beginning of 2013 in the public areas of all Hilton hotels.  • We regret the malfunctioning of the Computer station in the lobby area. As this service is assigned to an outside contractor, our engineers are not allowed to perform repairs or maintenance operations and we regret the inconvenience this has caused to you. Additional computers and printers are also available in the lobby and in our Business Centre. • We apologise for the inconvenience regarding the noise and we are glad to inform you that we have a project to improve this. • We are very sorry for the lack of service your have experienced on arrival with your luggage: I have addressed the issue to the Front Office to improve the assistance to our guests. • We also appreciate your comments regarding the shuttle service, but on the other hand we would like to confirm that boats leaves to/from Zattere and to/from St. Marks square twice per hour, with additional rides every 20 minutes in the afternoon and on Saturdays and Sundays. Projects to improve the landing dock and waiting area have already been submitted to the Venice authorities, however they are subject to strict environmental restrictions and approval is still pending.  There is no excuse to the rudeness of on-board staff and I have personally addressed this to the management of the company. • According to Hilton policies, the turndown service is indeed carried out upon request of our guests, who can request the service on the special tent card provided in each guestroom. • Guests with access to the Executive Lounge can enjoy complimentary snacks and drinks throughout the day as well as hot beverages, soft drinks and wines. Per Hilton standards, from 6 PM to 8.30 PM, we are pleased to offer our guests a selection of finger food and appetisers. • The number of loungers in the pool area is in line with the capacity of the space, which is subject to strict rules- Building a second pool was not included in the original restoration project of the Molino Stucky complex, however I have passed on your comments to the departments involved and we will take this feedback in to account in future refurbishments • Please accept our apologies for the inconvenience caused from the noise of the works in the morning, which were indeed urgent maintenance for repairs and for the lack of care and attention from our housekeeping staff: I have informed our Executive Housekeeper for immediate action and review.  We acknowledge and appreciate your constructive criticism as it will help us to improve the quality of the service offered. Guest feedback is a fundamental source to evaluate our efficiency and determine areas of improvement in service.   We do hope that despite your disappointment on this occasion, we have the opportunity of welcoming you back to the hotel at some point in the future. Best regards. Alessandro Cabella  General ManagerRead more