Spent six days in the Hotel Molino and only once I can say I received good service.  That was the first day.  It took a couple of weeks to write this review. I decided to get it over with so I can clear my mind and move.  The worst experience I have to share did not concern me.  TO some it may seem minor, but it felt bad for me to watch.  There was a woman with limited sight seeking her way to the breakfast buffet from the elevator.  Another guest pointed her in the right direction to the breakfast buffet.  This is a long walk down the corridor to the restaurant from the elevator.  There was no one to guide her or to offer her help.  She seemed helplessly lost.  Usually there is someone at the front desk (restaurant area) to take your room number but not on this occasion.  I…Read moreDate of stay: June 2012HelpfulShare Response from MolinoStuckyHilton, General Manager at Hilton Molino Stucky Venice HotelResponded Aug 3, 2012Dear Guest Thank you for taking the time to post review on this website and I am sorry to learn that you were disappointed with your recent stay at the hotel. I am pleased to confirm that we always provide for assistance to guests with reduced physical capabilities and that our staff is available to help and assist. We are sorry if you did not obtain the adequate information and assistance on the dining customs in this country but I still hope you enjoyed Italian food !  Please also excuse any lack of service and misunderstanding with our Concierge Team in regard to local tours, which we are pleased to book for our guests who wish to visit Venice. However we do require advance notice as well as some additional information before arrival and a confirmation on guests’ specific requirements. We acknowledge your comments on prices, though I can also assure you that prices of food and beverage in our bars and restaurants are in line with other 5-stars hotels in Venice. Although you express some disappointment, I hope we will have the opportunity to welcome you back in the not too distant future so that we can demonstrate the high level of service we are renowned for Best regards. Alessandro Cabella  General ManagerRead more