We did not expect the hectic atmosphere at this old and beautiful hotel/fabric.. From the moment the concierge ripped the luggage out of our hands and through the express check-in, the entire stay for three nights was quite stressfull!  On the positive side, the hotelroom was nice and clean, the view was amazing, and the hotel offered an useful shuttleboat to the citycenter.  However, our experience at the breakfast table and restaurant Aromi was pretty sad..old salami, old fruits, warm milk, dry fish, dry meat, dry duck, a furious and stressed butler and all meals were "thrown" out of the kitchen.  The terasse was great, but very small. Cruise-tourists came frequently to enjoy the view, which was ever so enoying when they stood just beside your sunbed... and the pool was not…Read moreDate of stay: July 2012HelpfulShare Response from MolinoStuckyHilton, General Manager at Hilton Molino Stucky Venice HotelResponded Aug 2, 2012Dear Guest, Thank you for posting your positive review on Trip Advisor and for sharing your opinion on the Molino Stucky Hilton. We are pleased to hear that you enjoyed the view and comfort of your room and appreciated the service of our shuttle boat. I am sorry that the experience at our restaurant didn't meet with your expectations as we have received lovely feedback in the past. I have passed your comments onto the team to review and do hope that should your plans bring you back this way, you will give us another chance to serve you.  In regard to the SPA treatment, it is disappointing that again your experience was not thoroughly enjoyable and please accept our apologies for this. I have forwarded your comment to the SPA manager: to clarify the procedure, she confirmed that the producre of the creams used for this kind of treatment has  specifically required that products are prepared during the treatment and in front of the client. Anyway, we acknowledge and appreciate your comments and criticism as they will help us to improve the quality of the service offered to our guests.  Guest feedback is a fundamental source to evaluate our efficiency and determine areas of improvement in service.   Kind regards. Alessandro Cabella General ManagerRead more