This is not the place I expected. It is quite sad that so much potential is going to waste. There is no sense that anyone knows anything about what is going on at all. There is no information in the room about the hotel. Asking questions of the front desk rarely gets any answer that is straightforward and has any sense of being based in reality. There is no manager ever present.  The location could be quite a plus if it were easy to get back and forth from the main part of Venice. There is a shuttle but in three days we were left stranded twice because the boat was full or just did not turn up.  It may not be the most expensive choice but it certainly is not the cheapest. It feels like it however.  There is no point raising any of this with anyone here because it is just a…Read moreDate of stay: July 2012HelpfulShare Response from MolinoStuckyHilton, General Manager at Hilton Molino Stucky Venice HotelResponded Aug 2, 2012Dear Guest, Thank you very much for having taken the time to share on TripAdvisor your evaluation concerning your recent stay at Molino Stucky Hilton Venice  I am pleased to confirm that we do supply each guest with a Hotel Directory, available in all rooms. Please accept our apologies if a copy was not available during your stay with us and we would have been delighted to send a new copy to replace the missing information immediately on request. I am also pleased to confirm that during the day a manager is always on duty for all departments until 11 P.M. and is happy to assist guests with any information or help. I do regret that you did not find our shuttle service to be efficient and adequate to your needs as the feedback from our guests is in general very positive. In regard to your comment on the telephone, we are sorry for the inconvenience which might have been due to a dialling error from another guestroom. We acknowledge and appreciate your constructive criticism as it will help us to improve the quality of the service offered to our guests. We place great value on guests’ opinion and we look forward to welcoming you with us again in the near future. Sincerely, Alessandro Cabella General ManagerRead more