We stayed at Hilton Molino Stucky post cruise. It was prebooked by NCL. This hotel is lack of character, looks like a jail, with all windows covered with iron bars. I recognized that this could pose a safety hazard in case of fire, the nearest fire exit was out of order as well! Our room was massive with a huge balcony, which we couldn't access, because the balcony door was locked. So what's the point of having a balcony and not being able to enjoy it??? It faces a courtyard, no benches or chairs to enjoy the open space there either. Forget about fitness centre ( doesn't open until 9 am!), better off going for a run along the island.  The food at the Sky restaurant was horrible and expensive, 17euro for a cheese sandwich with stale potato chips.   Will not recommend this hotel.Read moreDate of stay: July 2012HelpfulShare Response from MolinoStuckyHilton, General Manager at Hilton Molino Stucky Venice HotelResponded Aug 2, 2012Dear Sir, Thank you for taking the time and trouble to post a review of the Molino Stucky Hilton on tripadvisor.. Our aim is to provide each and every guest with a wonderful and memorable experience, and I am sorry that this was not evident in your case.  We are sorry you did not like the structure of our hotel, a building which dates back to the 19TH century and restored converting the original structure of the old flour mill Molino Stucky. The project was approved following strict rules and regulations in compliance with the environmental and artistic restrictions applied to this monumental complex, protected by local authorities. In regard to windows, there are no bars, though window glasses have a squared inside structure, which was typical of the original building.  I am also pleased to confirm that fire and emergency exits are checked three times a day from our Security Supervisors and team and in any case windows cannot be used as escape routes. I am sorry that you could not have access to the balcony of your room, however for security reasons this area is not open to guests. Our Fitness Center is open 24 hours a day. During closing hours of the Wellness Centre, the fitness area can be reached from within the Hotel via the 2nd floor of another building, following the signs posted in the hotel. Although you express some disappointment, I hope we will have the opportunity to welcome you back in the not too distant future so that we can demonstrate the high level of service we are renowned for. Best regards,  Alessandro Cabella General ManagerRead more