We didn't mind this hotel, but wish we chose somewhere else. Next time we will definitely stay in Venice proper in one of the smaller palazzo hotels.   Location: I chose this hotel knowing that we would need to take a shuttle. What a mistake it was. The first time getting off the Vaporetto in Venice proper and taking the shuttle to the hotel was truly magical. However, when you have to wait for up to 40 min under the scorching sun for the none air-coned and often crowded shuttle (Unlike the vaporetto there is no space outside to stand, so the only breeze you will get is from the small windows in the cabin), the magic wears off pretty quickly. They really need to increase the number of shuttles, as every 40 min from St Marcs may sound ok, but it really can be a major pain. No…Read moreDate of stay: July 2012HelpfulShare Responded Jul 14, 2012Dear Guest, Thank you for taking the time to post a review on this website. I have carefully reviewed your comments and I thank you for sharing your opinion on our property. We were sorry to learn that you were disappointed with your recent stay and that you found our location not to your satisfaction. We acknowledge and appreciate your constructive criticism regarding the shuttle service, but on the other hand we would like to inform you that boats run every 20 to 40 minutes between the hotel and the city centre in Zattere (5 minutes) and San Mark’s Square (15 minutes). Our guests have a guaranteed seat on board, as boats do not offer standing places, which is not always the case with public transportation. Beside our complimentary shuttle boat, the private Alilaguna line stops also in front of our Hotel connecting the hotel to the Airport and the Cruise Harbour.  We also regret that the upgrade to a room with view was not available, however your stay has coincided with a full occupancy time and in this case unfortunately we cannot accommodate special requests as yours. We are pleased anyway that you have appreciated the interior design and the amenities supplied for your anniversary.  We are also glad that you loved the pool and the Skyline Bar and we would like to assure you that prices in our bars and restaurants are in line with the offer proposed from other five star hotels in Venice.   We do hope that despite your disappointment on this occasion, we have the opportunity of welcoming you back to the hotel at some point in the future. Best regards. Alessandro Cabella General ManagerRead more