This hotel,situated on Guidecca island is a converted flour mill.Whilst it has been tastefully restored and has attractive spacious public areas, it does lack a "soul" and the only Venetian "feel" about it, is the Morano glass displayed in cabinets.  When booking in, be sure to be shown on the hotel map the location of your room before committing yourself. We were given room 125 in the Canaletto wing - this room is a corner room with windows on 2 sides overlooking a internal courtyard which has building works going on. Because the windows take up 2 entire walls, internally this has meant a poorly designed bedroom area with a single wardrobe, half taken up with a chest of  3 drawers and a safe - consquently there is virtually no hanging space - fine if you are a single traveller…Read moreDate of stay: June 2012HelpfulShare Responded Jul 14, 2012Dear Guest, Thank you for filling out a review on Trip Advisor. We always endeavour to offer the highest level of service and it would appear that on this occasion that we failed to meet your expectations. Your comments will of course be forwarded to the relevant management for their attention. We are pleased - anyway - that you loved the view from the Skyline Bar and we would like to assure you that prices in our bars and restaurants are in line with the offer proposed from other five star hotels in Venice.  We are sorry you did not enjoy our location in the Giudecca island, a nice and quieter location, only just a 12 minutes boat ride away from the crowded city centre which is specially appreciated from guests and visitors who like to enjoy a more relaxing side of Venice. It also hosts a number of good and excellent restaurants, some of them belonging to the old Venetian cooking tradition, which we will be glad to recommend at the next opportunity of a visit in Venice. We do hope that despite your disappointment on this occasion, we will have the opportunity of welcoming you back to the hotel at some point in the future. Best regards. Alessandro Cabella  General ManagerRead more