We chose and booked this hotel through the NCL cruise hotel package. Where do I start ?   We prebooked the private water taxi for transfer ( at 105 euro) from the airport, we were supposed to be met at the pier by a representative displaying our name, but when we got there , there was just this man with an "indifferent attitude" no sign, no greetings. After a rocky fast ride, we arrived at the hotel and met by a porter with similar  indifferent attitude, no pleasantries. Obviously there are many unhappy staff here.   Next, joined a long queue at check in, the check in staff seemed to struggle to find the room for us ( Despite thefact that I had already confirmed  by email several days prior) just to note we arrived at 9pm.   The room was just OK , with view facing the "…Read moreDate of stay: June 2012HelpfulShare Responded Jul 14, 2012Dear Guest, First of all we would like to thank you for taking the time to share with us your impressions about your visit at the Hilton Molino Stucky Venice. We regret that we did not entirely meet your expectations and we will take your points into consideration at our Department Heads meeting.  In regard to the taxi transfer from the airport, I would like to confirm that the option that you have booked does not include the “Meet & Greet” from a hostess.  Please accept our apologies for the lack of attention and assistance on arrival. We always endeavour to offer the highest level of service and it would appear that on this occasion that we failed to extend our usual hospitality level, for which once again please accept our apologies.  We would like also to assure you that we are constantly trying to improve the services we offer like better waiting facilities for guests on departure. With this in mind, we have been in touch with the authorities in the city of Venice - which is subject to strict rules for any kind of new building and structure – and we hope to receive the approval for our projects.  Guest feedback is a fundamental source to evaluate our efficiency and determine areas of improvement in service and your contribution was very helpful and appreciated.  Thank you for being our guest at The Molino Stucky Hilton Venice. Sincerely Alessandro Cabella General ManagerRead more