We stayed four nights at this hotel in mid-June 2012.  The hotel is a converted flourmill and nothing has been done to soften the harsh lines of the exterior which still looks like a factory albeit a renovated one.  A few window boxes and trees in pots would help a great deal because from outside the place looks not unlike a prison (although in fact the real prison is just to the rear of the hotel).       Inside the hotel has been well converted and there is a feeling of space in the public areas, though little use seemed to be made of the outside spaces - just a few tables canalside and nothing at all in the courtyard within the hotel.  Staff were friendly, helpful and well  trained and, although the housekeeping let the side down a bit, they were always ready to help when…Read moreDate of stay: June 2012HelpfulShare Responded Jul 14, 2012Dear Guest, Thank you for your comments on this website. I wanted to personally reply to you and take your feedback to improve the services and products we offer.  I have passed on your comments to the departments involved and we will take this feedback in to account also in future refurbishments of our rooms and interior design. I am sorry you did not find the supply of amenities in the room and in the bathroom to your satisfaction. Extra and other additional items can always be requested to our Magic Customer Service by dialling “9” from the room telephone. Please also accept our apologies if you have experienced a lack of service from the housekeeping staff in removing used glassware and replacing with fresh ones. In regard to Internet access, I am pleased to confirm that wired connection is available in all guest rooms, where a cable is provided for guests' use, whereas wi-fi is available in the common areas and in the suites. In order to improve this service, Hilton is already considering other options for Internet access to our guests.  We do host special events and parties in our Skyline Bar, open to all guests, whereas private parties take place in a separate area, normally closed at night. We are undergoing constant changes to improve the guest experience and I hope to welcome you back in the future to test this. Thank you for staying with us at the Molino Stucky Hilton. Best regards. Alessandro Cabella  General ManagerRead more