We are currently spending our second of two nights and at 1139 pm there is so much noise from the hotel workers cleaning a kitchen and restocking that there is no way to sleep and I even have ear plugs in! This is the worst Hilton I have ever stayed at and we have stayed at Hilton's all over Europe and the US. Being overpriced you would think you would get good service but no such luck. We arrived early and in order to accommodate us they upgraded our room, which has turned out to be a big mistake. No view except of another building that is part of the hotel, our room was not stocked with any amenities and it took two requests to get a kettle, noisy, noisy noisy. This hotel is inconvenient to Venice, you can't just walk out the door and go do anything let alone find a olace to…Read moreDate of stay: May 2012HelpfulShare Response from MolinoStuckyHilton, General Manager at Hilton Molino Stucky Venice HotelResponded Jun 1, 2012Dear Guest, First of all we would like to thank you for taking the time to let us have your impressions about your visit at the Hilton Molino Stucky Venice. We are sorry if we did not entirely meet your expectations:  we have discussed your comments at our Head of Department meeting for action and review. May I take this opportunity to confirm that our complimentary shuttle boat runs every 20 to 40 minutes from 8 am in the morning to 1 am in the night with the only exception of 1 hour break in the afternoon. In addition, Alilaguna public lines stop also in front of the Hotel, with direct connections to the Airport and the Cruise Harbour. Also, the ACTV public transport station is only a few minutes’ walk away and connects any part of Venice with departures every 10 minutes. The Molino Stucky Hilton is located in the Giudecca island, a nice and quieter location, only just a 12 minutes boat ride away from the crowded city centre and is specially appreciated from guests and visitors who like to enjoy a more relaxing side of Venice. It also hosts a number of good restaurants, some of them belonging to the old Venetian cooking tradition, which we will be glad to recommend at the next opportunity of a visit in Venice We apologise for the inconvenience regarding the noise, and we are delighted to inform you that we have a project running to improve this. Although you express some disappointment, I hope we will have the opportunity to welcome you back in the not too distant future so that we can demonstrate the high level of service we are renowned for. Best regards. Alessandro Cabella General ManagerRead more