Myself & my husband stayed at Molino Stucky Hilton on the last part of our 10 day honeymoon in Italy. We had some fabulous stays in some boutique &  big branded hotels in Lake Garda & Milan but Molino Stucky was what we were most looking forward to as we had splashed out for our 2 night stay in Venice.   Unfortunately it wasn’t to be, there were a number of things that contributed to this & in isolation none of these would have hugely bothered me but combined they meant we had a disappointing stay  •	When we first arrived we checked in & changed in our room as we were very excited about checking out the rooftop pool which is plastered all over the hotels website & was one of the reasons I booked this hotel. We checked in May 4th got the lift up & found the entrance to the pool…Read moreDate of stay: May 2012HelpfulShare Response from MolinoStuckyHilton, General Manager at Hilton Molino Stucky Venice HotelResponded Jun 1, 2012Dear Guest, Thank you for having taken the time to share with us your impressions about your visit at the Molino Stucky Hilton Venice.  Our aim is to provide each and every guest with a wonderful and memorable experience and I am sorry that this was not evident in your case. In regard to your accommodation, we do apologise for the discomfort you have experienced. However we understand that our Night Manager managed in relocating you to another room and we do hope that this was to your satisfaction. Please rest assured that we have raised the matter with the department head who will address this. Once again, please accept our sincere apologies for the inconveniences caused to you on this occasion.  Unfortunately we had no information on your honeymoon as we would have been delighted to extend to you and your husband our usual courtesies and amenities.  I would like also to advise that information on the seasonal opening of our pool is available in our website (http://www.molinostuckyhilton.com/spa.php), where it is specified that opening is seasonal, from 15th May to September. We are sorry if this was unclear and that you were expecting the pool to be open.   In regard to room charges and final bill, I would like to refer to private correspondence exchange where your issues have been clarified.  Although you express some disappointment, I hope we will have the opportunity to welcome you back in the not too distant future so that we can demonstrate the high level of service we are renowned for.  We acknowledge and appreciate your comments and criticism as they will help us to improve the quality of the service offered to our guests.  Guest feedback is a fundamental source to evaluate our efficiency and determine areas of improvement in service.    Kind regards. Alessandro Cabella General ManagerRead more