1.Im a diamond member and booked here because of all the rave reviews how great this property is. 2. THE POOL THAT I HEARD SO MUCH ABOUT WAS CLOSED! (NOT MENTIONED ON WEBSITE) I hear its a beautiful view!  3. The suite was great except for a leak in the roof from god knows where! i hope it wasn't from the toilet!  4.Moved us to a lesser room!  5. I was informed this was a fantastic Hilton! NOT! 6. THE Diamond executive area not a floor was weak to say the least!  It was our anniversaryRead moreDate of stay: May 2012HelpfulShare Response from MolinoStuckyHilton, General Manager at Hilton Molino Stucky Venice HotelResponded May 10, 2012Dear Guest,  Thanks for posting your review on this website. We have read with attention and interest your comments: it is only with the help of guests like you that we can maintain and improve our high level of service and quality. It was unfortunate that you suffered a leak in your original room: this was indeed isolated and unforeseen.  I understand that our Night Manager acted swiftly in relocating you the following day and that we could accommodate you in a nice room with Venice view. Please rest assured that we have raised this matter with the relevant department head who will address this. Once again, please accept our sincere apologies for the inconveniences caused to you on this occasion. I am also pleased to advise that information on the seasonal opening of our pool is available in our website, where it is specified that opening is seasonal, from 15TH May to September. We are sorry if this was unclear and that you were expecting the pool to be open. Anyway, the Skyline Bar and terraces are open every day throughout the year and from there our guests can enjoy a unique and spectacular view over the city of Venice and its lagoon. We also regret you did not enjoy the Executive Lounge located on the ground floor which offers a fantastic canal view and is in general one of the highlights of our hospitality for our HH members. Although you express some disappointment, I hope we will have the opportunity to welcome you back in the not too distant future so that we can demonstrate the high level of service we are renowned for. Kind regards. Alessandro Cabella  General ManagerRead more