So this is my second trip to Venice, December 2011.  The first time I went was almost exactly 2 years prior.  October 2009.  First of all I have to comment that going in December to Venice is a delight.  Yes its a little bit cold, and no you are not gong to eat outside like you would in the summer, BUT Venice is empty!  Mostly locals and no lines for anything.  I had just read in Travel & Liesure about how wonderful venice is for the holidays and then this trip just sort of happened and what the article said was exactly right!  You have venice to yourself!!!  Of course its STILL expensive and a tourist city...but not as much as the rest of the year!!!   That being said.  In October 2009 I stayed with my family in an apartment in venice (because all the hotels were sold out and…Read moreDate of stay: December 2011HelpfulShare Response from MolinoStuckyHilton, General Manager at Hilton Molino Stucky Venice HotelResponded Jan 11, 2012Dear Guest, Thank you very much for the positive review and for the information you posted on our property, which will be helpful for travellers looking for advice on TripAdvisor. I am very pleased you enjoyed your accommodation and the unique view from our guestrooms which have no comparison in Venice! On the other side, in regard to Giudecca, may I advise that it is not a private island and - with up to 5,000 inhabitants - is considered part of Venice to all extents: it is a quiet residential area, well connected to the historical centre in only 5/10 minutes, with  efficient public transportation services, stopping also not far from the hotel and which run with frequent rides (every 10 minutes and more) for 24 hours, day and night. Also, there are many transfers’ options from the airport to our hotel, cheaper than a private watertaxi, but also fast and reliable, like Alilaguna as well as a” Taxi sharing service”, which is available from a number of local operators.  For future reference, please do not hesitate in contacting our Concierge Team, always at the service of our guests for any information, including transfers services on arrival. We look forward to welcoming you soon again here at the Molino Stucky Hilton Venice, Best regards, Mario Ferraro General ManagerRead more