We stayed at this hotel for 4 days and had a great experience for the first 36 hours....until a couple of loud, rude, obnoxious women checked into the connecting room. Then we discovered how thin the walls were & how inept the  hotel management is. This totally non smoking hotel refused to enforce that rule when notified several times that these women were polluting our room at all hours with cig smoke. We listened to them discussing it and the staff refused to deal with it. Completely unacceptable as the hotel's air handling system did nothing to disperse the smoke. Totally ruined the stay. The hotel should have dealt with the situation but failed completely.  Read moreDate of stay: November 2011HelpfulShare Response from MolinoStuckyHilton, General Manager at Hilton Molino Stucky Venice HotelResponded Dec 14, 2011Dear Guest,  Thank you very much for posting on Trip Advisor your evaluation concerning your recent stay at Molino Stucky Hilton Venice.  It is disappointing to note that your stay with us was spoiled from a regrettable incident and in the same time we acknowledge and appreciate your constructive criticism as it will help us to improve the quality of the service offered to our guests.  May I confirm that smoking in the Molino Stucky Hilton is not allowed in public areas and in non-smoking rooms. I have then investigated on your case and I have been informed from our Front Desk Manager on the incident occurred with guests in the connecting room, who have repeatedly denied to him of having smoked in the room.  I agree that for non-smokers, “passive smoking” is extremely annoying and that it is not acceptable that your request was not correctly fulfilled. However, please rest assured that we tried our utmost to persuade other guests to refrain from smoking. Please accept our most sincere apologies if we have failed in this and I am sure you will appreciate that affecting people’s behaviour can be beyond our control.  We very much hope you will give the Hilton Molino Stucky Venice the opportunity in the near future to show that we can do better.  Best regards, Mario Ferraro General ManagerRead more