We are fortunate to travel the world and stay at very nice hotels.  Most of the time, we provide very positive reviews.  The Molino Stucky though left us very pleased with two staff in particular, but VERY disappointed in the rooms!  Lets start with the positive:  The front desk clerk, Rita, checked us in.  She was friendly, very pleasant, and helpful!  To our amazement, she remembered our names throughout the four nights that we spent at the hotel.  A very nice touch!  Other positives include the fact that this is a newer hotel, so the public areas are clean, well planed out, nicely furnished, and not showing signs of wear.  The fact that they were able to maintain the integrity of the exterior of the building was also nice.  I'm afraid this is where my complements change to an…Read moreDate of stay: October 2011HelpfulShare Response from MolinoStuckyHilton, General Manager at Hilton Molino Stucky Venice HotelResponded Dec 14, 2011Dear Guest,  First of all we would like to thank you for taking the time to let us have your impressions about your visit at the Hilton Molino Stucky Venice.  We have read with attention and genuine interest your comments: it is only with the help of guests like you that we can maintain and improve our high level of service and quality.   We have carried out a special inspection in the room assigned to you and we did not find - at this time - that the carpet was dirty and not in proper conditions. We also carried out an accurate check in hidden areas and in the corners.  Also, in regard to your comments on the sheets and comforter, I would like to assure you that we always use shells / coverings for our duvet / comforters, which are regularly changed for every guest with the complete set of bed sheets.  Please accept our sincere apology for the inconveniences caused and if we failed to extend during your stay with us the level of service for which we praise ourselves.   We have taken in very serious account the comments on the room status and please rest assured that we have taken steps with the Departments Heads in charge so that these incidents do not happen again. Thank you for praising our Team Members with whom we will share your positive feedback on their work. We do trust you will forgive the lack of service you have experienced this time and we hope to welcome you again at the Molino Stucky Hilton in Venice. Kind regards. Mario Ferraro General ManagerRead more