As a piece of hotel architecture this is great....the conversion from a massive flour mill to the Hilton cost them Zillions and it shows but... I am a Hilton Diamond member and stood in line for 20 minutes at reception watching back office staff watching me whlst I watched them and the single receptionist working the desk. The arrival atmosphere is poor as since I last came it looks like they have gone after the cruise ship clients and this feels like a one night in and out room factory rather than a really gracious Venetian hotel...a real shame. For Hilton Honours members the current Executive Lounge area is just a fenced off part of the ground floor restaurant....it didn't feel special and it wasn't and no facilities or staffing that you would noramally get.....maybe this is…Read moreDate of stay: October 2011HelpfulShare Response from MolinoStuckyHilton, General Manager at Hilton Molino Stucky Venice HotelResponded Nov 22, 2011Dear Guest, Thank you very much for writing about us. I am glad to hear that you liked the Molino Stucky Hilton and that you appreciated the architecture of this impressive building. We thank you also for your comments regarding your arrival and the check-in procedures. We are sorry for the long delay you have experienced and we will take steps with the Departments Heads in charge so that in the future procedures are carried out in a smoother and faster way. Because of our location very convenient and close to both Venice Passenger Cruise Terminals, our hotel is indeed a favourite with “cruise makers”. However we welcome only a limited number of them and we are proud to be a favourite with all kinds of tourists and holiday makers in Venice. We are also sorry you did not enjoy the Executive Lounge located on the ground floor which offers a fantastic canal view and is in general one of the highlights of our hospitality for our HH members. Anyway, we acknowledge and appreciate your constructive criticism as it will help us to improve the quality of the service offered to our guests.  We place great value on your opinion and hope we may look forward to welcoming you with us again in a not too far distance. Best regards,  Mario Ferraro General ManagerRead more