Being a Hilton property one obviously sets very high standards, but Stucky was a bit disappointing. The hotel service was a big let down. In our room we figured that the coffee maker was missing, though the sachets were there, the internet connection was available but cable was missing and when we asked for a dental kit, the attendant got us only one and was acted all surprised when we asked explained that obviously we would need two of them. To top it all, the room's locker malfunctioned and a security guard came along with the technician to get it repaired.   The location is also a bit odd, but I guess anyone booking the rooms at the hotel would be aware before hand. The hotel is located on a lonely island and one has to use the hotel's ferry service that takes 10 minutes to…Read moreDate of stay: March 2011HelpfulShare Response from MolinoStuckyHilton, General Manager at Hilton Molino Stucky Venice HotelResponded May 20, 2011Dear Sir/Madame,  thank you for taking the time and writing about us. I apologize if your stay with us has not been up to your expectations. I have carefully reviewed your comment and I thank you for sharing your point of view with us.  The Molino Stucky Hilton is on a nice and calm island, with a few shops, bars and restaurants just a 12 minutes boat ride away from the crowdy city center. Especially for pepole who like to relax and enjoy the unique view from our pool teracce in the 8th floor, it's just the right hotel.  Our shuttle is running, as you mentioned correctly, every 20 minutes from 8 am in the morning to 1 am in the night with the only exception of 1 hour break in the afternoon. Beside our complimentary shuttle boat, the Alilaguna line stops also in front of our Hotel connecting our hotel to the Airport and the Cruise Harbour. In addition, the ACTV public transport station is only a few minutes walk away and connects any part of Venice with departures every 10 minutes. All information about how to move can be easily viewed on our website.   I am sorry to hear that you have been disappointed here at our hotel but I hope you'll give us another chance to welcome you and prove you that we are better than what you experienced. Thank you for staying with us!  Sincerely, Mario Ferraro General ManagerRead more