My husband and I visited Italy for a quick weekend getaway and stayed in Rome for 2 nights and Venice for 1 night. For our Venice hotel we stayed at Hilton Molino Stucky Venice and I must say I was so disappointed. The hotel itself is amazing. But the surrounding area was very run down. The location is so inconvenient as you need to take a boat across to the main area to enjoy the tourist attractions. The island where this hotel is located only hosts a few restaurant places. The hotel itself is so overpriced. I booked sea view and once we arrived they said it only include "partial sea view" and if we wanted they would upgrade us to "full sea view" but with an extra cost. This was not written in the small print, had I known I would have opted out as the sea view didn't really…Read moreDate of stay: April 2018HelpfulShare Response from MolinoStuckyHilton, General Manager at Hilton Molino Stucky Venice HotelResponded Sep 18, 2018Dear Guest, Thank you for taking the time to let us have your impressions about your visit at the Hilton Molino Stucky. We are sorry if our location did not entirely meet your expectations, however the Giudecca island is closer to the city centre and St. Mark’s Square than other areas in town. Besides our shuttle and private water taxies, the ACTV public transport station is only a few minutes’ walk away and connects any part of Venice with departures every 12 minutes. On the next occasion I would suggest a visit of the Giudecca island, where you will discover a mix of 17th century houses, beautiful Gothic palaces, modern buildings and old factories from the early 19th century which were restored by important architects. The area has a burgeoning reputation as a hub of artistic activity and a lovely place to visit is the waterfront or fondamenta, alongside the Giudecca Canal. It is lined with numerous cafés, art galleries and restaurants, some of them belonging to the old Venetian cooking tradition, which we will be glad to recommend at the next opportunity of a visit in Venice. With regards to your experience at our restaurant, I am disappointed that it was not up to your expectations as we usually receive lovely feedback for both service and kitchen level. Although you express some disappointment, I hope we will have the opportunity to welcome you back in the not too distant future so that we can demonstrate the high level of service we are renowned for. Sincerely,  Ilio Rodoni  General Manager Read more