Enjoyed hotel.   Positives—— -Terrific free breakfast buffet -Happy helpful staff -We arrived early from 8 hour flight—-no surprise rooms not ready and they kindly offered us spa use for showers and even made an exception allowing our daughter in  -one of few rooftop pools in Venice.  Note:  it’s small, crowded but terrific roof top views  -as diamond member great all day lounges for snacks and water  Negatives—— -10 minute water bus (free) runs every 20 minutes to San Marco Square -rooms very nice but very small.  They are modern, air conditioned and we had a beautiful canal view from both connecting rooms   The reason for 4 stars is simply the small inconvenience of needing a water shuttle whenever you wanted to go to Venice.  In the past we’ve stayed at the Gritti Palace and…Read moreDate of stay: August 20181 Helpful voteHelpfulShare Response from MolinoStuckyHilton, General Manager at Hilton Molino Stucky Venice HotelResponded Aug 2, 2018Dear Guest, Thank you for posting your positive review on TripAdvisor. We are glad to see that you liked our property and it was very kind of you to mention our helpful Team Members and all the hotel facilities that you have enjoyed during your stay with us. On another hand we are sorry if the location on Giudecca did not entirely meet your expectations; it is true that  we are not located right in the city centre, but we are only a few minutes away from the main Venice attractions and our Guests can still enjoy the vicinity and a great view over the city. On the next occasion I would suggest a visit of the Giudecca island, where you will discover a mix of 17th century houses, beautiful Gothic palaces, modern buildings and old factories from the early 19th century which were restored by important architects. The area has a burgeoning reputation as a hub of artistic activity and a lovely place to visit is the waterfront or fondamenta, alongside the Giudecca Canal. It is lined with numerous cafés, art galleries and restaurants, some of them belonging to the old Venetian cooking tradition, which we will be glad to recommend at the next opportunity of a visit in Venice. We thank you for being our Guest and we hope to welcome you again in the near future. Sincerely,  Ilio Rodoni  General ManagerRead more