My family and I stayed here during our Italy and Greece vacation and enjoyed our stay at the Hilton.  I am a diamond member so we were upgraded to a suite which was very nice.  It's a huge hotel with a lot of the amenities you can expect from a hilton.  The executive lounge was great.  The hotel is huge and fairly difficult to get around.  That said, it wasn't originally built has a hotel so it makes sense.  The hotel is on a separate island so you have to use a paid shuttle (not free as they include it in your bill as a line item) to get around.  Unfortunate if you're traveling with family and are the type to rest and then go back out for dinner as you waste time waiting for the shuttle, etc.  We were too tired one night and ended up at the hotel restaurant, Rialto.  They…Read moreDate of stay: June 20181 Helpful voteHelpfulShare Response from MolinoStuckyHilton, General Manager at Hilton Molino Stucky Venice HotelResponded Jul 9, 2018Dear Sir, Thank you for posting your review on TripAdvisor and for sharing your opinion on the Hilton Molino Stucky. We are pleased to hear that you have appreciated the room upgrade and benefits that you have received as a Hilton Honors Diamond member an it is very kind of you to recommend our property to other travelers. In regard to your comment, may I advise that the 3 € cover charge at our Rialto Restaurant is a standard charge for all dining Guests, with the exception of children. It is a regular standard practice in restaurants in Venice and in Italy and includes a selection of bread and rolls, grissini, butter as well as condiments like Italian extra-virgin olive oil and premium balsamic vinegar. Concerning the shuttle boat service, I confirm that it is managed by an outsourcing company and our Guests can use it for the entire stay for a fix charge of 7.50 € per person. I do hope that should your plans bring you back to Venice, we will have the pleasure of hosting you and your family with us again.  With kind regards,  Ilio Rodoni General ManagerRead more