I find that the more I pay for a room, the more disappointed I am in it. I redeemed 69,000 Hilton points for this room, but it's hard to imagine this being 4-5 times better than a standard hotel. Still, I was pleasantly surprised by a complimentary upgrade (we're Hilton gold) to a family suite, though there are only curtains between the two rooms and the dining area so there's no noise separation. Still, it was nice to have a little room to spread out. The executive lounge wasn't spacious, but had a decent selection. Breakfast as well wasn't huge (compared with Hilton properties in Asia), but still had a good variety.  I was disappointed by the inconvenience in the location. When we arrived at the train station, there was no water shuttle to the hotel- we had to take the public…Read moreDate of stay: June 2018HelpfulShare Response from MolinoStuckyHilton, General Manager at Hilton Molino Stucky Venice HotelResponded Jun 27, 2018Dear Guest, Thank you for taking the time to let us have your impressions about your visit at the Hilton Molino Stucky Venice.It was a pleasure to read that you were satisfied with the room upgrade and that you liked the architecture of this impressive building. We are also pleased that you and your children have enjoyed our rooftop pool from which the views over Venice have no comparison in Venice.On the other hand we are sorry if the hotel's location did not entirely met your expectations, the Giudecca island however is closer to the city centre and St. Mark’s Square than other areas in town. Besides our shuttle and private water taxi, the ACTV public transport (vaporetto / lines 2 - 4.1 - 4.2) station is only a few minute walk away and connects any part of Venice with departures every 12 minutes. I do regret that you did not find our shuttle service to be efficient and adequate to your needs and despite you express some disappointment, we hope you will give us another chance to serve you in the future. Best regards  Ilio Rodoni General Manager Read more