I am a regular guest at Molino Stucky but this time has been very disappointing. Shuttle boats proved to be overloaded without a word of excuse by the rudest staff you may find. The bar served me a €12 soft drink with so much ice that there was virtually nothing to drink (I demanded a free refill, but shouldn’t have had to do so). Bell staff at the luggage desk was absent and I had to label my luggage myself and leave it unattended to be able to catch a boat service. By the way, the claim on their website that the hotel is only 30 minutes from the airport is close to a lie.  Unless you can afford €140 for a water taxi, it takes close to 2 hours to get to the airport terminal from the hotel by regular water bus.  Read moreDate of stay: April 2018HelpfulShare Response from MolinoStuckyHilton, General Manager at Hilton Molino Stucky Venice HotelResponded Apr 10, 2018Dear Sir, Thank you for taking the time to let us have your impressions about your last visit at the Hilton Molino Stucky. I regret that your experience did not meet your expectations this time and that you were disappointed with your stay. I appreciate your comments on the lack of service that you have experienced from our bell boys and I have addressed the issue to the Head Concierge to avoid similar episodes in the future. I also feel sorry for your experience as regards the shuttle boat captains' attitude; be assured that I have immediately forwarded your comments to the company who manages the service which is contracted to a local major operator. With regards to the transfer from the Marco Polo airport to the hotel, I confirm that there are various options and the private water taxi journey lasts indeed 30 minutes while the public service takes more time as indicated on our website. Although you express some disappointment, we hope to welcome you back to Venice in the future so that we can provide you with the high level of service you are accustomed to. With kind regards,  Ilio Rodoni General Manager Read more