Wonderful hotel... Pros: Big, all amenities available like room service. Great bar upstairs - the Skybar - with full view both ways, and decks. Bartender is easy on the eyes, that was a unanimous sentiment. Great breakfast spread for all nationalities (not just Italian - a croissant and espresso). Beautiful rooms, big by European standards, and some have beautiful water views.  Cons: This hotel is on the island of Giudecca, which is apart from the main island you probably want to visit. The Hilton offers a free shuttle to & from the main island, but it ends at midnight. After that, you have to pay a lot to get back via water taxi. I would give them 5 stars if they kept their shuttle running longer. That was a big deterrant to having fun downtown. Buuut, I gave them 5 stars…Read moreDate of stay: February 2018HelpfulShare Response from MolinoStuckyHilton, General Manager at Hilton Molino Stucky Venice HotelResponded Mar 8, 2018Dear Madame, Thank you for taking the time to let us have your impressions about your visit at the Hilton Molino Stucky. It was a pleasure to read that you have enjoyed the hotel and found our Team Members to be helpful. On the other hand we are sorry if our location did not entirely met your expectations, however the Giudecca island is closer to the city centre and St. Mark’s Square than other areas in town. Besides our shuttle and private water taxi, the ACTV public transport (vaporetto line 2 or N) station is only a few minute walk away and connects any part of Venice with departures every 12 minutes even during the night. I do regret that you did not find our shuttle service to be efficient and adequate to your needs and we thank you for your constructive criticism. Should you visit again Venice in the future, I would suggest a visit of the Giudecca island, where you will discover a mix of 17th century houses, beautiful Gothic palaces, modern buildings and old factories from the early 19th century which were restored by important architects. The area has a burgeoning reputation as a hub of artistic activity and a lovely place to visit is the waterfront or fondamenta, alongside the Giudecca Canal. It is lined with numerous cafés, art galleries and restaurants, some of them belonging to the old Venetian cooking tradition, which we will be glad to recommend. We thank you for being our Guest and we hope to welcome you again in the near future. Sincerely,  Ilio Rodoni  General Manager  Read more