I was at this hotel for a business conference so it didn't bother me but I thought I should write this review to alert people visiting Venice on a leisure trip that the hotel is nice and big (huge!) but out of the way for the main sites - and in Venice that means a lot, it is not as if you could just walk farther... in fact it is impossible to walk outside the hotel for more than a few metres.  A shuttle service mitigates the impact but be sure to check how it works before you plan your trip depending on your plans (late dinner etc).  For the rest, the property must have been an iconic mill in the past but is now a perfectly correct - albeit a bit characterless - Hilton, more appropriate for business travellers than  tourists looking for Venetian charm I would say.Read moreDate of stay: November 2017HelpfulShare Response from MolinoStuckyHilton, General Manager at Hilton Molino Stucky Venice HotelResponded Dec 4, 2017Dear Guest, Thank you for taking the time to let us have your impressions about your visit at the Hilton Molino Stucky. We are sorry if our location did not entirely meet your expectations, however the Giudecca island is closer to the city centre and St. Mark’s Square than other areas in town. Besides our shuttle and private water taxies, the ACTV public transport (vaporetto / line 2) station is only a few minutes’ walk away and connects any part of Venice with departures every 12 minutes. On the next occasion I would suggest a visit of the Giudecca island, where you will discover a mix of 17th century houses, beautiful Gothic palaces, modern buildings and old factories from the early 19th century which were restored by important architects. The area has a burgeoning reputation as a hub of artistic activity and a lovely place to visit is the waterfront or fondamenta, alongside the Giudecca Canal. It is lined with numerous cafés, art galleries and restaurants, some of them belonging to the old Venetian cooking tradition, which we will be glad to recommend at the next opportunity of a visit in Venice. We thank you for being our Guest and we hope to welcome you again in the near future. Sincerely,  Ilio Rodoni  General Manager  Read more