I ve stayed in this hotel for 2 nights and on the second night I found at least 5 bedbugs roaming on my bed. As this was a business trip, I never left the hotel and I slept fine the first day. I felt absolutely awful having these bugs touching me and actually I got bitten 5 times at least on my arms and my back. I called Reception who came upstairs and checked the state of my bed, they suggested they change the sheets but eventually moved me and my colleague to a different room. I am still scarred from that experience and had to come home after the journey, wash all my clothes and steamclean my shoes, suitcase and bags. This wasnt a pleasant journey overall and as I mentioned before I was there on a work meeting where I was supposed to feel relaxed and motivated to learn and…Read moreDate of stay: November 20171 Helpful voteHelpfulShare Response from MolinoStuckyHilton, General Manager at Hilton Molino Stucky Venice HotelResponded Nov 28, 2017Dear Madame, Thank you for taking the time to post a review of the Hilton Molino Stucky on TripAdvisor. Our aim is to provide each and every Guest with a wonderful and memorable experience, and I am sorry that this was not evident in your case.  As regards bed bugs, as you can imagine, we take this very seriously and we rigorously follow Hiltons procedures and protocols as rooms are inspected on a regular basis. Immediately after you reported the issue the night of the 22nd of November, our Housekeeping Supervisor went upstairs to check your room and she did not find any evidence of bedbugs. The morning after the team and I have again visited the room with no positive results. This said the room was taken out of the operation until we received the visit from the pest control company who confirmed no evidence. I will be more than happy to share their report with you if you can share your e-mail address with me on VCEHI_GM@hilton.com I do hope that we will have the opportunity to welcome you back in the not too distant future so that we can demonstrate the high level of service we are renowned for. With best regards,   Ilio Rodoni  General Manager Read more