I stayed here with family for 3 nights in November 2017. Our overall experience was very good, and it started well in advance of our stay. Although the property is a shuttle boat away from St Marco's Square, we thought t was a positive - and added to our experience of life in Venice - moving by boat.   We would without hesitation stay at the Hilton Molino again.   As usual, the Good, The OK, and the Bad.....  The Good 1. Concierge Team - simply marvelous. Ahead of our visit, I was a bit unsure how the whole parking/getting to the hotel thing worked, and they answered my questions immediately and with clarity. In addition, bringing our young daughter presented some challenges - how to keep her engaged and enjoying Venice versus simply transversing the streets and "boring"…Read moreDate of stay: November 2017HelpfulShare Response from MolinoStuckyHilton, General Manager at Hilton Molino Stucky Venice HotelResponded Nov 7, 2017Dear Sir, Thank you very much for your detailed and positive review of the Hilton Molino Stucky. We are pleased to hear that you liked our property and we thank you for mentioning all the hotel facilities and services that you have enjoyed during your stay. I will personally relay your feedback to our Concierge Team, who will be glad to know that their professionalism and helpfulness contributed to your enjoyable stay. As a Hilton Hotel it is our aim to tailor-make every Guest experience I am pleased that we were able to do so for you and especially for your daughter. We also appreciate your constructive criticism regarding the visit to Murano and we confirm that the transfer is a complimentary service, arranged in cooperation with a few of the most prestigious glass factories, featuring also a showroom, an exhibition area as well as a glass-blowing demonstration. Please accept our apologies as for no reason there should be any kind of pressure with regards to items purchasing and be reassured that I will follow-up with the factory owner immediately. We place great value on your opinion and we look forward to welcoming you and your family with us again in the near future for another memorable stay in Venice. Sincerely,  Ilio Rodoni General Manager  Read more