6 day of excellence, our trip to Venice  to celebrate my wife’s birthday was always going to be amazing but the team at the Cipriani made it one of the best breaks ever.  This was a surprise trip for my wife who didn’t know she was going to Venice until a few days before and didn’t know about the Cipriani until the boat pulled up at the dock. From the first greeting to the final departure the staff team were full of smiles, humour and great service, sadly none of the staff wear name badges so I can’t give them the individual credit they deserve.  The ladies on reception that I dealt with were perfect hosts coping with me fussing to ensure all was perfect for my wife’s birthday trip, we were given an upgrade to a lagoon view junior suite was beautifully appointed and immaculate throughout our stay with stunning views. The concierge team had booked several tours for us to make sure we got to see as much of Venice as we could during our short stay, all of which gave as time and a guide to explore on foot and by boat, they were unfailingly polite and efficient. Breakfast was plentiful and extremely good served by a great team smiling and friendly despite the restraint of COVID and extremely efficient  We did have a little problem one lunchtime when things went a bit wrong but young man in the bar could not have tried harder to make things right for us,and the Manager the next day sought us out to ensure we were happy, and we were ! On the day of my wife’s birthday everyone wished her a happy day ., fresh flowers and a cake as well as a card in the room added to her pleasure.   We had booked a boat tour to Murano and the islands for the day and the inestimable Roberto ...one of the worlds great Concierge’s accompanied us to the boat singing Happy Birthday and explaining he had booked lunch for us at a tiny restaurant on the shore at Treportino used mainly by locals and very inexpensive..it turned out to be the highlight of the trip with some of the best food we have eaten anywhere and incredibly good value for money once again served by friendly smiling owners..thank you Roberto for making the day both special and memorable. Sadly the trip had to end but a late checkout and sunshine meant we could make the most of this fabulous hotel and it’s amazing team of hosts.…Read moreDate of stay: October 2020Trip type: Traveled as a couple1 Helpful voteHelpfulShare Response from Giampaolo Ottazzi, Other at Belmond Hotel CiprianiResponded 3 weeks agoDear Serica2025,  Thank you very much for your wonderful review and for staying at our property on the special occasion of your wife's birthday. .  This is exactly the type of experience we strive to create for each and every guest and I am delighted to hear The Belmond Hotel Cipriani is 'The Epitome of Excellence'.  It is wonderful to hear you enjoyed your break and also the service delivered by our staff.  Thank you also for your kind words about our team and rest assured I will share your comments with them.   Together with my collaborators we  look forward to welcoming you back to the Belmond Hotel Cipriani  in the near future.  With my best personal regards  Giampaolo Ottazzi General Manager Belmond Hotel Cipriani   Read more