We stayed at the Cipriani in October for two nights after travelling from London on the Orient Express. The trip was a special occasion and staying at the Cipriani, a special treat. It is a hugely expensive hotel, and we were expecting lots for our money.  The hotel is beautiful and feels very special from the moment you arrive by water taxi. We were escorted from the dock by a lovely girl, called Flavia, who checked us in and then escorted us to our room. She was great, very friendly and knowledgeable. The room was beautiful, very comfortable and very clean.We had a Lagoon view room with a balcony which was perfect. We slept very well, both nights.  On our first evening we visited the bar for a drink. The bar was almost empty, just us and one other couple. We were brought our…Read moreDate of stay: October 20192 Helpful votesHelpfulShare Response from jumps63, General Manager at Belmond Hotel CiprianiResponded Oct 25, 2019 Dear Misti66,  I would like to thank you very much for recently staying with us and also for your detailed review and constructive comments. I understand that your trip and your stay at the Belmond Hotel Cipriani were for a special occasion and I am deeply sorry that we missed to meet your expectations and ‘5 star magic’.  With reference to your breakfast served through the room service, our Food & Beverage Manager is taking action to prevent the issues you reported in order to deliver hot food in our rooms. As far the breakfast in our main dining room is concerned, I personally investigated with our maître, who remembered that on Sunday morning, between 9.30 and 10.30, we had a large influx of guests coming to our restaurant. I am sorry that you were not escorted to your table because it is our procedure and also we missed to offer breakfast menus to our guests. On the day of the regatta, both on our Concierge and Reception desks and also onboard of our boat we displayed the communication concerning the interruption of our service and we regret that you did note  them. Of course, we accept your suggestion, for the future, to explain it also verbally to enhance the message. I offer my sincere apologies for our lack of service but I would like to assure you it is not our standard. I hope that  there will be another opportunity for us to fulfill your dreams and restore your faith in our property. With my best personal regards.  Giampaolo Ottazzi General Manager Belmond Hotel Cipriani Read more