The hotel is looking tired and dated. Our bathroom had brown 70s era toilet, bidet and bath. The shower could have done with a good scrub. In no way does it represent value for money. The food is just acceptable, certainly nothing special but it is extremely expensive even by the standards of Venice. The worst thing is though the attitude of senior staff. We raised privately by email some of the issues we encountered and the hotel manager’s response was that everything was somehow our fault. No doubt he’ll make the same response to this review! The hotel failed to collect us at the airport - apparently our fault as even though we looked for them, we didn’t search hard enough. We had to wait for our luggage on departure even though we had requested that it be collected from our…Read moreDate of stay: October 20191 Helpful voteHelpfulShare Response from jumps63, General Manager at Belmond Hotel CiprianiResponded Oct 21, 2019Dear Mrs. Marcia D,  I am really sorry to read these comments. My previous answer was just a list of facts that happened in order to explain you the cause of the inconvenience you have experienced and was absolutely not made with the intention to blame you. As before also for this review I express my sincere apologies for all the inconvenience . I realize that our Hotel is not up to your expectations and I will be happy to inform your Aussi friend about this, but I will take your comments as a chance to improve our standards of service. I am only sorry that you have taken liberty to judge the job of one of our most loyal employee, Roberto, the dock manager. You absolutely have no idea of what his job is and for how many hours is out there to welcome and greet all our Guests, and you do not have any elements to criticize him. So please next time be kind enough to talk about facts and not about things you do not know or that you only assume with the risk to offend good employees. with best regards and wishes of a good life.  Giampaolo Ottazzi General ManagerRead more