Lovely setting for a hotel but I did not expect to queue for breakfast for twenty minutes or for them to get my dietary requirements wrong. I was warned that the wine and water in the room had to be paid for, there are no tea or coffee making facilities in the room, it was pointed out that five star hotels don't do that! The price of drinks is outrageous, I expected to pay a lot but 28 euros for a gin and tonic is extortionate. I will not be returning to this hotel as there are better value hotels on the main land. When in Venice everyone expects to pay a premium, a glass of wine and coffee in St Marks Square seemed a bargain in comparison even though  a six euro charge was made just to site and listen to the music. No I Would not recommend this hotel, save your money and book…Read moreDate of stay: April 2016HelpfulShare Response from Giampaolo_Ottazzi, General Manager at Belmond Hotel CiprianiResponded Apr 26, 2016Dear sylvia b, I thank you for choosing Belmond Hotel Cipriani and for sharing your opinion based on your recent stay with us.  I am very sorry to learn that you experienced some issues while at our hotel. First of all, I would like to apologize for the wait at breakfast which was an unfortunate and isolated case.  I personally investigated and it seems that all our individual guests came to our restaurant exactly at the same time and this was surprising because we serve breakfast starting from 7.30 a.m. to 11.00 a.m. at Oro Restaurant and with in-room breakfast service for a prolonged time.  We hope that you enjoyed our usual standard and a smooth service delivered by our attentive staff during the rest of your stay. Also, I respect your opinion but our prices are aligned to those of any five-star hotel in the world and at our bars we serve three different kinds of gin and tonic, which also vary in price.    Again, I regret if we have not met your expectations but I hope that there were also some positive aspects regarding your stay and hope you may give us a second chance in the future.  With my best personal regards,  Giampaolo Ottazzi General Manager Read more