The lifestyle of the rich and famous or Spartan accommodations?  We were fully aware that recently there was a lot of hype about this hotel. Clooney, the popular American actor booked up his wedding party here, he himself stayed in a Palazzo elsewhere.  Now I understand why.  For us the major draw to come here was the tranquil and secluded location on the island La Giudecca across the lagoon, facing the San Marco Piazza. 5 stars rating and the hotel's popularity, history and fame solidified our decision.  We were late in booking this hotel and the nights we originally wanted were no longer available for early September, so we reshuffled our plans and opted to end our long trip through Italy in Cipriani. Save the best for last.  But as everybody knows... The best laid plans don't…Read moreDate of stay: September 2015HelpfulShare Response from jumpsvenezia, General Manager at Belmond Hotel CiprianiResponded Jan 19, 2016Dear Wenovo,  I thank you for your detailed report concerning your stay at the Belmond Hotel Cipriani in September 2015. I carefully read your comments and investigated with my staff all the various points.  Our Front Office Manager escorted you to the first accommodation which was a junior suite, bigger in size compared to the room that you booked (a double room with lagoon view) and with one the biggest terraces in the hotel. You arrived during a busy time of the year and with many arrivals but we were pleased to offer you an upgrade even if we were almost booked to capability. I am very sorry that you were disappointed by the first room offered and consequently our Front Office Manager escorted you to room that you originally booked. During your stay he tried to assure your husband several times that you were exactly in the room that you booked and this can be easily verified because by law we must put a card in every room of the hotel with the official rate and category of the accommodation. I am very sorry that you had to wait before being escorted to your room but it was a very hectic day and, again, with many arrivals and departures. As far style and décor of our rooms are concerned, they differ in style and décor and are not all the same but they are all ‘Venetian’ (furniture, lamps, chandeliers and mirrors from Murano). Some with a more classical Venetian style, others with a more contemporary one but when it comes to personal taste we respect the opinions of our guests  and keep them into consideration for future developments.  I sincerely apologise also for the mistake of the welcome letter erroneously delivered to your room and hope you will give us another opportunity to reinstate your faith to our property. Please feel free to contact me and I will be pleased to coordinate your future visit in a beautiful accommodation overlooking the lagoon.  Giampaolo Ottazzi General Manager Belmond Hotel Cipriani Read more