This was my third stay at the Cipriani.  I first stayed in 2010 and loved it so much I returned he following year, each time staying for around a week.  So when I booked a trip to France this year I decided to cap the holiday off with a week at the Cipriani again. I was so disappointed.  Some things are the same as before, you are still greeted with warmth at the pontoon, the energetic and efficient Luigi still greets you enthusiastically, but the ambience is gone. Instead of the quite murmured restaurant conversations in French and Italian of my previous trips I was surrounded by loud American accents, even using a mobile phone at breakfast! Don't get me wrong, I love Americans, friendly outgoing people that they are I would be happy to be surrounded by them at the Venetian in…Read moreDate of stay: June 2015HelpfulShare Response from jumpsvenezia, General Manager at Belmond Hotel CiprianiResponded Jul 13, 2015Dear Madam,  I thank you for your review and also for your loyalty to our hotel. While I am delighted to learn that you appreciated and recognised some of our staff members who are a great asset for us and our guests, I am sorry that during your last stay you did not find the atmosphere you remembered from the past. As far as our clientele is concerned, it is true that during Summer months we have a number of younger guests travelling with their children who have a lovely  Gazebo with a little swimming pool in the Casanova Garden at  their disposal.  Our Smile Club is open everyday from May to mid-September and our little guests can find a variety of activities coordinated by our English speaking tutor who looks after them while parents can relax by the swimming pool. As far as our buffet breakfast is concerned, we serve it in our Oro Restaurant from 7.30am to 11.00am and we are always ready to provide anything that is requested by our Guests. In comparison to past years,  we have  added the presence of a cook at the buffet ready to help and serve our guest, offering a wider choice of products, and our cheeses and cold meats are frequently sliced by hand on request instead of being prepared in big quantities early morning.  With my kind regards  Giampaolo Ottazzi General ManagerRead more