What an expensive disappointment.  The fabled Hotel Cipriani in Venice is coasting on its reputation, recently helped along by news that George Clooney’s wedding party will stay there.  The reality of this pink palace is that its best days may be well behind it.  Something is off as soon as you step inside the lobby: the carpet is faded, the paint needs to be freshened, the check-in staff are corporate drones.  (This is not true of the folks who greet newly arriving visitors, or the concierge staff, or the wait staff in the restaurants.  They are all sunny and eager to please.)   Our party, two 80-year-old widows (my mother and her friend) and a middle-aged couple (my husband and me), had confirmed reservations for rooms with lagoon views for four nights in September.  My mother…Read moreDate of stay: September 20144 Helpful votesHelpfulShare Response from jumpsvenezia, General Manager at Belmond Hotel CiprianiResponded Oct 6, 2014Dear Madame,  I am really sorry to read your comments about your recent stay at our Hotel Cipriani.  I can only apologize for all these lacks of service and attention you have experienced during your stay in September with your Mother and your Husband. We know very well the value and the importance of our repeat Guests, the Cipriani has probably the highest percentage of repeat and historical Guests of all our Italian collection of hotels. We have Guests coming here since more than 50 years and others that come to the hotel every year also for two, three times and for a long stay. What is happened with your mother and your Party stay I believe is caused by a series of unfortunate cases. Starting from the wrong room assigned upon your arrival. Wrong because you did not like it. Rooms completely different from the one your mother and Father had during their last stay in 2007, that was a suite! But these double rooms facing the lagoon were the rooms booked by the travel agent.  We have tried to do all in our possibilities to transform a bad beginning in a great experience during the other days of your stay. Unfortunately these dates were very busy and no other rooms were available during your stay. I can only tell you that rooms on third floor will be completely renovated this coming winter. During the last 4 years we have invested a lot in the renovation of the Cipriani. Almost all rooms in main building have been redecorated and I hope I will have the opportunity in the future to host you again and show you all the renovation we have done in these last years.  I would like to have the privilege to host you and your Family again at the Cipriani with a complimentary stay of 2 nights in order to partially compensate your bad experience and to reinstate your faith in our Hotel. Please do not hesitate to contact me directly at the hotel and I will be more than pleased to personnally take care of your booking.  I wish you, your Mother and your husband all the best,  Yours sincerely  Giampaolo Ottazzi General ManagerRead more