It is a lovely hotel, and we have fond memories of our visits over the years. However, this year, my son, who is autistic, and has a learning disability, was not treated well, and nor were we as parents. To be clear, he is not at all disruptive, nor does he have behavouiral problems.  My complaint was handled well, and with compassion, but the fact remains that the staff are clearly not trained appropriately, and the automiatic reaction was one of exclusion, and coldness. We have never experienced this in other hotels, and we travel extensively, including to other Belmond Hotels. I would not feel welcomed to return to this one.Read moreReview collected in partnership with this hotelDate of stay: August 2019HelpfulShare Response from jumps63, General Manager at Belmond Hotel CiprianiResponded Aug 16, 2019Dear Flyer518853  I would like to thank you very much for coming to the Belmond Hotel Cipriani over the years and also for your recent stay with your family.   At the same time, I am very aggrieved that you did not feel treated well and welcome at our Kid's Club.   I am very sorry that you felt that the first reaction of one of our supervisors was of exclusion but please trust me that this was not her intention. Our Kid's Club attendants are not trained to deal with autistic children and she was worried that she would not be able to give an undivided attention to your son.  As a matter of fact, she offered you the possibility to stay in the Kid's Club so that your son could enjoy its facilities and activities. In this connection, I have personally instructed our staff to offer immediately  this option of enjoying together, child and parent, our facilities so that every child and parent might feel more than welcome to be with us in a relaxed and joyful atmosphere. I want to personally apologize if you received a cold impression but I would like to assure you it was the first time and it will not happen again in the future. As I do not want this will be your last memory of our hotel I hope you will give us another opportunity to experience the indulgence that you deserve. Please feel free to contact me should you decide to come again and I will be more than pleased to coordinate your visit in the best possible way for your and your family.  With my best personal regards  Giampaolo Ottazzi General Manager Belmond Hotel CiprianiRead more