We had booked the hotel in advance and opted for the hotel transfer from Treviso Airport for €200 in a luxury car and water taxi. The luxury car turned out to be a transit van people carrier (it took 25 minutes) and the water taxi 5 minutes. At a cost of €200 each way - an absolute joke! The hotel is clearly placing a large mark-up on the cost for this service so I would steer clear.  The welcome was a little strange. We were told how to shut a door by pulling it to, asked if we could see the television in our room which was right next to us and shown how to turn on a light switch and open a wardrobe door, hilarious! The sink is absolutely stupid, it splashes water everywhere and takes up a whole surface. Style over substance here.  A mixed bag; negatives -   Bed Sheets - The…Read moreDate of stay: September 2015HelpfulShare Response from Palazzina G, Direttore at Palazzina GrassiResponded Oct 5, 2015Dear Ross P,  let us express our deepest apology for your disappointing experience, but let also express a bit of surprise for your review. The transfer you reserved from Treviso airport has been operated by a new luxury Mercedes Van, the driver has been waiting for you to the arrival lounge to welcome you to PalazzinaG and he took you from Treviso to Piazzale Roma in Venice and once there he escorted you to the private boat already waiting for you to take directly to the hotel. The cost of this kind of service starts from € 160.00 per way if you organize it directly by yourself with the same kind of companies we use. Please note that in Italy we have to apply a 22% of Vat on those services not provided directly by the hotel.  The strange welcome you received, was just the courteousness of our staff member, that would provide all the information about the room. You did not mention that the TV is settled in the mirror of the wardrobe and you cannot see it at the first sight. The same for the light in the room, we inform all our Guests that if the key is not putted on the right side inside the slot there won’t be any electrical power in the room (that means no light, no air-conditioning, no music etc). Usually it is very appreciated by all our valued Guests to receive exhaustive information about how to use everything in the room.  About the stupid sink in our bathrooms as we said in other occasion we cannot expect that all our Guests appreciate Mr. Starck’s design. We do not expect that all our Guests appreciate our linen bedsheets too, if you only mentioned it to our staff we would change them with our cotton bedsheets that we provide too.  In regards of your comment on our breakfast we would like to inform you that we serve only fresh milk and no UHT milk as you wrote and that the continental breakfast included in the room rate consists of a selection of mini pastries (plain, with vanilla sauce, honey and chocolate); white, brown and seeded bread, served with butter and preserves; orange or pink grapefruit fresh juice and choice of hot beverage. Everything is fresh homemade and our staff provides a refill if requested. If the Continental Breakfast doesn’t satisfy your taste, there are a 3 pages menu form where you can choose additional hot and cold dishes and beverages.  In the end concerning the laundry and iron service we provide quick service too if you need it.  We are sorry again that your stay with us did not meet your expectations, but If you feel like coming back to Venice, we will be pleased to do our utmost to make your stay the most enjoyable one.Read more