Nice enough from from a design perspective but sadly a lot of the design features let the product down. The sinks in the rooms were terrible. You could not use them to wash and if you turned the tap on too much you were covered in water. The rooms were small and poky for the price.No tea and coffee making facilities in the room. No iron available at all?!?  Staff were thin on the ground. The rooftop terrace was not staffed you had to call down for staff and there was often a wait. Very expensive bar 9Euro for a Peroni. The famous Krug bar was never open. We paid extra for continental breakfast which ended up being a rather meager offering of a bread roll and a pastry, no sliced meats fruits or cheese to be seen.Read moreDate of stay: August 2015HelpfulShare Response from Palazzina G, Direttore at Palazzina GrassiResponded Sep 19, 2015Dear Leahcmeels  thank you for posting your review on TripAdvisor and for sharing your opinion on the PalazzinaG hotel. We are deeply sorry you did not appreciate Mr Starck’s design, we can easily understand that not all our Guests will like our modern style, even if most of the time it is one of the reason why they choose PalazzinaG hotel.   Regarding our rooms size we assure you they respect the standards of all 5 stars hotels in Venice and that on our website like on the main websites where by you can reserve for each room category is specified the size. This kind of information usually offers to the Guests the chance to choose the right room in order to satisfy their needs. In regards of iron service we inform you that is indeed available in the hotel. In all our rooms you can find a laundry form from where you can choose the service you need, if you didn’t see it you could ask to the Front Desk Staff that would be very glad to send to your room our Housekeeping service. We would like to point out that on Krug Terrace we provide a full service from 9am to 2pm and from 6pm to 10.30pm between 2pm and 6pm the service is on request, like our Krug Lunge is open upon request to all our Guests. About your comments on our beer price we guarantee that € 9.00 for a bottle of Italian beer is not very expensive in a 5*hotel bar. Regarding our Continental breakfast à la carte included in the room rate, it consists of a selection of mini pastries (plain, with vanilla sauce, honey and chocolate); white, brown and seeded bread, served with butter and preserves; orange or pink grapefruit fresh juice and choice of hot beverage. Everything is fresh homemade and our staff provides a refill if requested. If the Continental Breakfast doesn’t satisfy your taste, there are a 3 pages menu form where you can choose additional hot and cold dishes and beverages. We are sorry that your stay in our hotel did not meet your expectations, but if you feel like coming back to Venice, we will be very pleased to do our utmost to make your stay the most enjoyable one.  Hotel ManagementRead more