Not a 5 star hotel by no means. Palazzina G "baits and switches." They advertise with pictures that do not respect the room category. They use the best room category features from various rooms which is misrepresentation. When you check in, the room is not as advertised. The mattresses are of extremely poor quality and not comfortable. Mosquitos buzz in your ears and bite while trying to sleep. Room service selection awful. Staff condescending. Over priced, not worth it.Read moreDate of stay: August 2015HelpfulShare Response from Palazzina G, Operations Manager at Palazzina GrassiResponded Sep 9, 2015Dear Gail B,  we deeply regret to read that you did not enjoy your stay in Venice among our guests and we do apologies if the hotel did not meet your expectations at all.   Although your disappointment has received our best attention, we would like to clarify some aspects that may help to understand those situations negatively highlighted.  Booking.com, the web site whereby you booked, provides a few pictures for any category of our rooms along with the description of size and view, in order to let anybody have an idea of what they are booking. The first pictures of Junior Suites Plus posted on booking.com represent room 220, the one you stayed in. Our Junior Suite Plus with terrace are about 35 sq. mt. and are endowed with a beautiful private terrace overlooking the roofs of Venice. The room that was assigned to you was exactly what you reserved. We are a small boutique hotel in an ancient building, and every room has its own peculiarity though the decoration is the same. If you were looking specifically for a room of the chosen category, you could have contacted us; we would have made our best to meet your request. Unfortunately, another guest already occupied the room that you asked for upon check-in. However, the day after your arrival the room was available, but still you declined our offer to move you into it.  All the meals of our restaurant are served à la carte, everything you find in it is fresh and homemade. Moreover, in our room on the service menu you may find a large selection of dishes, from sandwiches to salads, from cheese selection to assortment of cured meats.  Referring to the mosquitos, unfortunately due to humidity they are quite common in Venice. We always suggest to keep windows and doors closed during the night time. We could have put an insecticide dispenser in your room if you had informed us immediately of the matter.  We are sorry to read that you found our mattresses not comfortable, nevertheless please be assured that all our hotel furniture have been selected for the high quality of products in order to ensure the best stay possible to all our guests, which is PalazzinaG main aim.  Although your perception of the hotel is below a standard level, we could definitely make our utmost to give you a different perspective of our hotel and service and let you enjoy Venice at best on another occasion if you plan to visit the city in the future.  Best regards  Alice Zorzi Operations ManagerRead more