The new Aman was fully booked so a Philippe Starck place was a good option for 2 nights .  The location is very nice with easy access and the best away from the crowds.  Concept of the Hotel is great but it is a shame management does a poor job.  Our lovely room that scream luxury modern Venice , magic touch of Philippe Starck with the over size lovely mirror  had the front door all scratch , a very dirty beautiful carpet and a horrific shower seat poorly install.    What a  turn off  , poor first impression the dirty stain carpet when entering the room.   After a few complains they suggested  to try to clean  it. I imagine spot cleaning by hand.   They did took a few stains off  while we went out and left 2 bottles of water as a token of appreciation.   That beautiful large…Read moreDate of stay: June 2015HelpfulShare Response from Palazzina G, Direttore at Palazzina GrassiResponded Jul 31, 2015Dear Tate58, We thank you for your kind feedback which we always treasure in order to improve our standards. As a 5-star hotel our aim is to provide an outstanding service to all our valued guests, that’s why we can easily understand your disappointment and dissatisfaction.  We would like to assure that all our rooms are checked before we assigned them to customers, our carpets are cleaned and sanitized with special equipment and detergents every day, but almost in white color, sometimes it happens that a darker ring remain. For this reason we are already planning to replace all the carpets of the hotel, the next winter, during the low season,  the same period that we usually do it all the refreshing works the hotel needs after the high season. The first time you mentioned the dark ring on the carpet, to our front desk staff, we immediately organize the housekeeping to come into the room to re-clean the dark ring on the carpet, but has you can easly understand we have to wait for you to leave the rooms first. If we had not fully booked during the last week of June we will offer a room change, unfortunately this solution has not been possible.  Unfortunately, the chair into the shower cannot be removed as it a part of the disable equipment that the Italian law required to all the hotels.  Regarding our Continental Breakfast à la carte included in the room rate, it consists of a selection of mini pastries (plain, with vanilla sauce, honey and chocolate); white, brown and seeded bread, served with butter and preserves; orange or pink grapefruit  fresh juice, and choice of hot beverage. Everything fresh home made and our staff, always provide a refill if requested. If the Continental breakfast doesn’ t satifisfied your taste, there a 3 pages menu from where you can choose additional hot and cold dishes and beverages.  Regarding your booking, the request our Reservations department received via email was for a 3 night stay and we answered we only had one suite available, which was actually what we had available for the entire stay of 3 nights. The reservation which was made afterwards online was then only for 2 nights and this is why more rooms, also of lower categories, were available. Our policy rate is of rate parity in the different booking channels such as the hotel’s own website, Booking.com, Expedia, etc. (there could be small differences due to currency conversions) but for each room we have different rates and offers such as special packages or discounts. We also would like to point out that the room availability may change every day because of cancellations as well as rates may be changed daily according to occupancy and requests.  We are sorry that your stay here with us did not meet your expectations, but If you feel like coming back to Venice, we will be pleased to do our utmost to make your stay the most enjoyable one.Read more