We stayed at the Junior suite and on Sat the rate was Euro 973 and rest of the rest of the  week we were paying Euro 731. With that price the room and service was like a 3 stars hotel. The room 216 have no view only over looking at the roof top of the neighbours. The lobby of the hotel is very small with only 1 chair could sit and wait. The only area for breakfast and dining is dark and no window to see outside. The continental breakfast was included which they served only 2/3 glass of juice. We asked for another glass and price was 5 Euro and I asked for a glass of water to take my medication and it was charged 3 Euro. I only found out only during the check out and I strongly against it then they took it off the bill. Imagine you pay so much and they don't even have a gesture…Read moreDate of stay: May 2015HelpfulShare Response from Palazzina G, Direttore at Palazzina GrassiResponded Jul 31, 2015Dear Eva,  We deeply regret to read that your stay in our hotel did not meet your expectations at all. If from one hand we wish to apologise for any inconvenience you may have incurred, on the other we would like to try to explain a few points that may help to better understand those situations negatively highlighted. Your Junior Suite reservation through Booking.com was made a few months before your arrival. The rate reserved on that moment was our best available rate (that is the cancellable one). As per all the flexible rates’ policy, they can easily be cancelled or amended; that’s why it is certainly a good decision to book it, when the travel dates are not so close to the booking ones, to avoid any possible penalty fee in case of unexpected problems. What’s more, Booking.com provides a few pictures for any category of our rooms along with the description of size and view, in order to let anybody have an idea of what to book. Our Junior Suites are about 35 sq.mt. and some are equipped with a wardrobe that is in fact designed on the wall itself. That’s why there is no proper doors but curtains, nor drawers but shelves. It is just a matter of stylistic choices by Philippe Starck. PalazzinaG has a non-conformist structure with respect to the hotels with a standardised service and features: the heart of our hotel is the PG’s Restaurant & Bar where all our guests are invited to take a sit when checking-in or simply while waiting. There is indeed just one armchair at the Reception but it is more a piece of designed furniture than a seating area. All the meals of our restaurant are served à la carte, that means there is no buffet. As you may have been informed upon check-in, breakfast as well as any other meal can be enjoyed either in the PG’s Restaurant & Bar, or on the Krug Terrace (weather permitting) or in the comfort of your room. What is included in our continental breakfast is clearly specified on the room form, or on the breakfast menu. We serve everything fresh and untouched, therefore when asking for some water, you are given a bottle of it. The room left uncleaned on the third day was due to the fact that the “do not disturb” red light was left on thekeycard lock of your room. As per our policy, the housekeepers are not entitled to enter a room with the presence of that sign. The turn-down service is indeed done every evening in every room, unless as above specified. We cannot do anything but dissociate ourselves from your opinion in regards of our policy. The aim of all our service and efforts lays on providing an outstanding service and on giving the perception of a true Venetian experience. The prices follow a bespoke service along with a home-made cuisine that cares about the freshness of ingredients and authenticity of recipes. Although your perception of the hotel is below standard, we would like you to know that PalazzinaG will be more than pleased to have you here back in Venice and we can definitely assure you’ll experience a service worthy of a 5-star hotel, as we definitely are.Read more