After booking this hotel with much excitement and experience of Philippe Starck hotels I have to be honest and say it wasn't anything special at all.  We had just been married at the Sanderson London (the best Philippe Starck Hotel in my opinion) so with this in mind we genuinely thought it would be of the same standard. Don't get me wrong the staff were lovely (Jack, Georgia and a lady in the restaurant forgive me I don't know her name) but it was our honeymoon, the hotel was not full at all there were never guests around when we were there. I asked for an upgrade and was told we had a bottle of prosecco instead, we don't even drink but just got on with it.  Our room was small and I wasn't expecting it to be that small and the lighting system was a joke. They kept switching off…Read moreDate of stay: August 2014HelpfulShare Response from Linda M, General Manager at Palazzina GrassiResponded Nov 3, 2014Dear Guest,  After reading your review, I’ve taken note of your comments and I am sorry that your stay in our hotel was not at your expectations. But, please, let me express my personal perspective: you booked a standard room through an online site for last minute travel and leisure.   You first asked for an upgrade before arriving into Venice by writing to our Reservations Department who told you that an upgrade to a Suite (that’s what you asked for) was possible with a special daily supplement which you never confirmed.   We usually care about honeymooners and about any special occasion our guests have here with us. That’s why we at least offer a complimentary bottle of Wine for honeymoon in the room and usually try to assign one of the nicest rooms within the category chosen (that’s what we did with you).   Unfortunately, the higher category of room (with respect to the Superior you booked – 22 sq. mt.) was already taken during your stay, therefore a complimentary upgrade was thus not possible.   I regret to get to know now that you do not drink, otherwise we would have certainly offered something else. Although you never saw any guest around, the hotel was pretty booked but, being mid-August, it was likely that most of the hotel guests were out all day to enjoy the Venetian summer.   We are a five-star-hotel and our prices are within the standards of our category. Asking for a tea as room service, you have given a selection of finest teas, cups, teapot and a service directly in our room. You were charged for one person although the service was in fact for two.  I am sorry again that your honeymoon here with us did not meet your expectations, but If you feel like coming back to Venice, I will be pleased to do our utmost to make your stay the most enjoyable one.  Best Regards Linda MariottiRead more