It was our 15th wedding anniversary. Being new to Venice it took absolutely ages to find this hotel! It is located in a side street with no sign posts and when you eventually arrive there is no name outside the hotel even though there is a house number! Very posh indeed but I'd rather have it easier than posh! Upon checking in we were offered a welcome drink in the nice plush bar/restaurant - no complaints there we were served what we asked for and on time with complimentary peanuts and cracked corn.   I then told them that it was our anniversary so would appreciate a nice room with a view if at all possible. Looked promising as the reception chap went away to "see what he could do". After 10 mins, we were told by the receptionist that the hotel was full and there was no chance…Read moreDate of stay: February 2014HelpfulShare Response from Linda M, Direttore at Palazzina GrassiResponded Feb 21, 2014Dear Guest,  Your negative feedback on your recent stay in our hotel has received our best care and attention. We have gone through all your complaints to better understand the issue and we would like to clarify some aspects that might have been misunderstood.  PalazzinaG is located in a quiet area plenty of art galleries and just a few steps away from San Samuele water bus stop. Our main entrance is literally at the back of Palazzo Grassi Museum on San Samuele square. There are indeed no signs bearing our name and this is a personal decision of ours, in order to preserve at best the privacy of our guests.  Nevertheless, on our official website a detailed explanation of how to reach us can easily be found.  Regarding the room assigned, please be assured that what you had is what you booked. Your reservation made through a flash sale by one members-only luxury travel club was indeed for our standard room category (Superior room) which is about 22 sq mt.   On your original reservation no mention of your anniversary was given, nor were we contacted later on to be informed of it. We only got to know of your anniversary upon check-in but unfortunately no availability for an upgrade was possible (neither complimentary, nor with a supplement) because all our higher room categories had already been confirmed.  Furthermore, the decor and the design of all our rooms are the same:  bright colors, mirrored furniture and unique pieces created for our hotel only by Philippe Starck. The air-conditioning system, as well as the heating, are regularly checked and it is all working.  During our turn-down service or when cleaning the rooms, our maids usually open the windows to refresh the air, therefore it is not a problem of malfunction of the air-conditioning.  Regarding our suggestion for the Danieli Hotel, it has been explained by the person at the Reception that day, both the position of it, and the location of the bar, being it on the ground floor in the winter season.  Finally, the Continental breakfast served in our Restaurant does not differ from Continental breakfasts in other hotels. As a matter of fact, a typical Continental breakfast consists of coffee and milk or hot chocolate with brioche and pastries. It is often served with juice.  Our aim is to provide the best service, therefore such a comment cannot do anything but ask ourselves, why we haven't been able to fulfill our purpose. We would be extremely glad, if you would come to Venice again and renewed your preference to our hotel. We will thus make our utmost to have you experienced our services at best and enjoy what only PalazzinaG can offer.  Best Regards,  Linda MariottiRead more