There's no getting away from the fact that the hotel has been wonderfully designed, however this great design cannot excuse the lack and quality of service which is contrary to what one would expect from a place such as this At check in the gentleman was very helpful and polite but he was pretty much the only one. From barmen leaving dirty, empty glasses in front of us for well over an hour while we rested from our walk around Venice, to the housekeeping staff descending the stairs as I was heading up causing me to wait for them to pass while hugging the wall (and I might add without even a sniff of a "good morning" salutation), from the surly breakfast waitress to even more surly morning receptionist I am left completely underwhelmed by this hotel experience. What a pity.  Read moreDate of stay: July 2013HelpfulShare Response from Linda M, Operations Manager at Palazzina GrassiResponded Jul 4, 2013Dear Guest,  Thank you for your review, which has received our best attention. We regret to hear you were dissatisfied with our service and apologize both for the unfortunate experience encountered.  This issue is currently under investigation.   Please be assured the incidents experienced are well below our usual standards and we will be following up with the department concerned.  Usually we take great pride in the high standard of training that all our staff receive and consequently for the service they provide to our valued guests. Our restaurant is provided with the most well trained staff having an important experience in the best Restaurants and Hotels worldwide.   Our clientele enjoys the hotel and is fully satisfied with the special bespoke services we can give, as we are the unique in the whole city to have such a tailor made hôtellerie concept.  I apologize again and would be pleased if we could possibly mend broken bridges on your next return to Venice and provide you with a more memorable experience, and therefore invite you to contact me directly prior to your next stay at linda@palazzinag.com  Best Regards,  Linda Mariotti Operations ManagerRead more