My traveling companion and I arrived at the hotel to find the lobby very inviting.  All that changed, however, when we were taken to our rooms - if you can call the closets we were issued rooms. The rooms, which were very small and freezing cold, are so starkly modern that form never followed function.  The rooms were barely large enough for an extra chair (for almost $500 per night) and the bathroom sink was a slab over which water flowed making it impossible to actually wash or put anything down without soaking everything around you.   We told the person on duty how unhappy we were and that we would be leaving the next day instead of staying.  She offered to let us upgrade to larger rooms but at three times the price.  We declined.  Later that evening she said her "management"…Read moreDate of stay: May 2012HelpfulShare Response from OperationsManager81, Operations Manager at Palazzina GrassiResponded May 28, 2012Dear Guest,  On behalf of the PalazzinaG, I would like to respond to your review.  First of all I wish to answer your comment about the rooms. On websites our superior rooms are clearly stated to be 22 sqm/237 sqft with images demonstrating  the design. We understand that Philippe Starck’s design can be appreciated or not but generally our clients choose us because of the design.  In regards to your issue about the room size we offered you a free upgrade to our Junior Suite category trying to accommodate your request even though we have only 22 rooms. Our offer was declined by you.  We regret that you felt that we intentionally kept you waiting in the lobby when you asked to speak with the management.  The manager arrived after few minutes and explained that as per cancellation policy we have to apply the penalty and as per italian law we cannot charge a credit card without the owner’s confirmation and signature. It is not our policy to threaten to call the police.  TripAdvisor gives the freedom to express each guest’s personal experience which also we encourage, however when we find a review, according to us, not trustworthy we want express our point of view.  Linda MariottiRead more