STRUCTURE: Venetian-style small house adjacent to the museum Grassi, from this the hotel name. Hotel entrance tucked away on a quiet street, entrance insignificant, with no sign, no particular value. LOBBYING: attractive modern design with true and his own sculptures in glass and mirrors. Front nonexistent except for a small corner with a desk and the machine to load credit cards. ROOMS: small, I would say the smaller room where I have never stayed in a luxury hotel, the only bathroom with tub, separate shower did not. Safe located in the floor of the cabinet, I do not want to use it too much but you really had to sit in the chamber floor. Panorama nonexistent, choking, the window was a blank wall in front of no more than a meter away. Virtually no one saw the light of heaven.…Read moreDate of stay: February 2012HelpfulShare Response from OperationsManager81, Opertaions Manager at Palazzina GrassiResponded Apr 6, 2012Dear Guest,   Thank you for your comments, they are highly valuable for us as they will help to improve our service where necessary.  The target of our guests is very high and we focus on maintaining their privacy,  this is the reason we don’t have a sign outside the building, just the symbol of PalazzinaG to recognize us.  Our hospitality concept is diverse from the traditional, for example we don’t have the usual front-desk by the entrance but a small hospitality desk where our staff is at disposal 24hrs a day for any information and requests. The check-in and check-out is personalized based on each clients requirement, it can take place anywhere;  on a private boat, at the PG’s Restaurant & Bar where our guests can enjoy a drink offered by the PalazzinaG, in a relaxed and sophisticated atmosphere while the check-in/check-out will be taken care of by our team members.   PalazzinaG is located in a 16th century building in the historical center of  Venice which is surrounded by and made up of narrow streets  (Calle) which are typical for this unique city. As our standard rooms are all located on the first floor the view of these room categories is facing the “calle”, this is also described on our web site.  The other room categories, being positioned on a higher floor, open up to magnificent views of Venice’s rooftops and some are even overlooking the Grand Canal.  Our courtesy line kit contains bottles of body lotion, shampoo, conditioner, bath foam, intimate cleanser, lady and men kit, lip balm and many other high quality products whose perfumes and compositions have been studied especially for PalazzinaG. PalazzinaG , as many luxury hotels of today, has chosen to change from small bottles (20 ml)  to larger bottles (200 ml) in order not to restrict the use of product for our clients and to respect the environment.    PalazzinaG is a boutique hotel dedicated to high-level guests with a strong sensitivity to design where artworks, attention to detail and casual atmosphere make PalazzinaG a home-like place where you can “be temporary venetian”.  We truly hope to have the pleasure of welcoming back to our hotel in the near future.  Linda MariottiRead more