Small Rooms.  Way to overpriced.  Virtaully no closet space.  Air Conditioning didnt work.  TV had a constant buzzing sound, and when asked, Staff said that was normal in all rooms . Front office staff very confused and lied about facilities.  Sheets had a grungy odor.  Location very far from heart of Venice.The service and amenities at the restaurant were hideous. The bread was hard and was obviously old.  No place mats.  One waiter coudnt understand a word we said when asking for water. All this under the umbrella of "Philip Stark", what a waste.Read moreDate of stay: November 2010HelpfulShare Response from OperationsManager81, Operations Manager at Palazzina GrassiResponded Nov 24, 2010Dear Guest,  Thank you for your review, which has received our best attention.   We regret to hear you were dissatisfied with your room and apologize both for the unfortunate experience encountered with our waiter while you were at our Bar. This issue is currently under investigation. P  lease be assured the incidents experienced are well below our usual standards and we will be following up with the department concerned. Usually we take great pride in the high standard of training that all our staff receive and consequently for the service they provide to our valued guests.  Our restaurant is provided with the most well trained staff having an important experience in the best Restaurants and Hotels worldwide. Our clientele enjoys the hotel and is fully satisfied with the special bespoke services we can give, as we are the unique in the whole city to have such a tailor made hôtellerie concept.  Palazzina Grassi is an ancient building of the 16th century: walls can’t be knocked down and spaces can’t be modified. During the offer we have specified that the Superior room you choose is the basic room, we have also proposed you the executive that is larger but you have confirmed the superior saying that it was sufficient. Our Superior are intimate and we are used to specify that.  Concerning the buzz sound of the tv, our Front Office immediately gave you another room of a higher category for free in order to make your stay comfortable and to investigate on the origin of the probable sound. Our well prepared Front Office staff is available 24 hours a day since we really want our guests to enjoy the hotel and we provide them with tailor made services and experiences starting from the personalized check in to our cuisine concept.  Breakfast is à la carte, 24 hours a day with a large selection of dishes and can be served in any space of the hotel: in the restaurant, in the room or in the Krug Lounge. Everything is homemade by our Chef: from biscuits to dumplings, from croissant to bread. Please notice that we have a selection of 5 different typologies of bread, the one you tried is very crispy and not old at all.  We have a full 5 stars service comprehensive of laundry service: sheets are washed, sterilized and changed every day. We regret you didn’t like the perfume.  Also, we are truly sorry to hear that you were dissatisfied with the location: we are beside Palazzo Grassi, a few steps from the Accademia bridge, 10 minutes walking from Saint Mark square and Rialto, in the artistic district of Venice, near the center and in a quiet, residential area far from the crowd. The target of our guests is very high and we are focused on maintaining their privacy: no signs outside the building, just a symbol in front of the door to recognize us.  I apologize again and would be pleased if we could possibly mend broken bridges on your next return to Venice and provide you with a more memorable experience, and therefore invite you to contact me directly prior to your next stay at linda@palazzinagrassi.com  Best regards,  Linda Mariotti Operations ManagerRead more