I just returned from a 10 day trip to Europe (Italy, Austria, England) that included a one-night stay at the Palazzina G. I'm honestly still reeling - both from how poorly I was treated on-site at the property, and how it was handled by Customer Service over the phone and via social media as I tried to reach out in various methods and resolve the situation with the time difference and limited phone capability. In 10+ years of loyalty to Marriott (I understand that this is technically a SPG/Design Hotel property but we are in a post-merger world now...), I have never had a hotel stay like this one. And I don't mean that in a positive way.  A few things to keep in mind - because this is going to be a long story - one, I booked this stay on points. And two, my reservation was for…Read moreDate of stay: October 20181 Helpful voteHelpfulShare Response from Palazzina G, Direttore generale at Palazzina GrassiResponded Oct 25, 2018Dear birdieandbijou,  We are sorry to read your stay with us was not up to your expectations and we would like to apologize for the problem in the suite. It certainly was not our aim to make you feel treated poorly and we understand your disappoint. As a 5-star hotel our objective is to provide an outstanding service to all our valued guests and these events are unpleasant even for us.  But we also would like to take this opportunity to clarify some points in your review to help other readers better understand what happened.   First of all, we would like to inform that we were not unresponsive or not taking care of your complaints. Actually the case has been managed with Marriott and has been closed after providing our explanations. You can contact Marriott Customer Care service or you also have our direct contacts (business card given upon check-out).   As you mentioned at the beginning of your review, your reservation was made for 2 people for our entry level room (superior room, approx 20 square meters) and it is clearly and detailed explained on your reservation confirmation that superior rooms can accommodate a maximum of 2 people. (Just as additional detail, as per your platinum premier elite status, we had upgraded you to a deluxe room with private terrace which unfortunately was not suitable for 3 adults). We are aware that an extra person in most of American hotels is not a problem but for a small boutique hotel housed in an historical building like ours it may be more challenging to accommodate an extra person as most of our rooms are not spacious enough to add an extra bed for an adult.   Regarding the timing noted in your comments, we want to clarify that we did not keep you waiting hours before receiving answers and would like to briefly explain what happened. Maybe the solutions offered by the Front Desk Staff and Management were not the ones you wanted to get and maybe you were expecting to have an extra bed for free or a room upgrade to suite with no supplement as would have been the case in bigger Marriott hotels probably.  Being a Design Hotel affiliated to SPG/Marriott loyalty program, we have different rules and benefits for Member clients and having only 25 rooms it is not immediate and granted that we can find last-minute solutions for all our clients’ needs.   When you arrived at the hotel around 11:30 am, the staff at the Front office welcomed and accompanied you to our restaurant where we always offer a welcome drink to our guests while they relax after a long journey. Since you were 3 people, the Front desk clerk immediately checked with the Reservations department  for an alternative accommodation as he knows that superior rooms cannot accommodate 3 people.  When he came back to you with your passports, he immediately informed you which would have been the 2 options: get a second superior room at last minute rate € 580, or get a larger room, the Attic Suite, for 3 people with a discounted supplement of € 500 (please note that the room was on sale at € 1140,00 per day on the 1st of October), as that was the less expensive accommodation we could offer to accommodate 3 adults together.   After your decision of taking the Attic suite, since it was only 11:30 am and check-in starts from 2:00pm, you went out to start visiting the city and came back at check-in time.  We did not expect that the Attic suite had to be occupied on that day; for this reason the room wasn’t checked properly as we usually do and the spot was hidden on the top of a big mirror hanged on the wall that’s the reason why we could not see it immediately when we got into the room.  When you have informed the Front Office staff that there was a stain in your room it was roughly 9:00pm. The clerk at the desk took the time that you were out to contact the manager on duty by phone (since she was already out of office) and inform about your complaint.   After investigation, we found that the stain in the room was not mold but probably was caused by the air conditioning condensation that comes from the machine that is located behind the mirror. Unfortunately, in order to clean the wall properly we needed more time so we offered you to move into a Grand Canal Suite that is one of our bigger rooms (the rate on that night was € 1600 per night), keeping the same daily supplement of € 500, already applied to accommodate 3 people in the Attic suite.  While your were out for dinner, someone from Marriott CS called the hotel asked us if we found a solution for the issue occurred and we told them that you were going to move into a Grand Canal Suite, one of our best rooms. Nobody mentioned to waive the daily charge on our side.  When you came back from dinner, we had the room ready for you and it did not take 2 hours and half to get into it, it only took around 30 minutes to prepare the rollaway bed in the room.  Eventually, we would like to express again our sincerest apologies and would be pleased, if you could allow us another opportunity to prove our usual care and quality of service in the future. Read more