I found this hotel on my Starwood hotels app and selected the 2 bedroom apartment which looked nice. Boy was I wrong, the pictures they used for the suite looked nothing like the suite did in the real, the price was outrageous €1430 a night and a rip off. The worst part we walked into the suite and immediately noticed the sewage/methane gas smell that was very strong, first thing we did was run the showers and flush the toilets thinking it would help. We left the room for 5hrs came back and right when we opened the suite door it was like a Mike Tyson punch to the face the methane gas sewage smell was way worse to the point my friend started to dry heave. I went to the front desk and asked to speak with the Manager, the younger guy working the desk told me the manager would be…Read moreDate of stay: July 20173 Helpful votesHelpfulShare Response from Palazzina G, Operations manager at Palazzina GrassiResponded Aug 5, 2017Dear 5starRedneck, We are really sorry that PalazzinaG did not meet your expectations and although your disappointment has received our best attention, we would like to clarify some aspects that may help to understand those situations negatively highlighted.  First of all, for anyone reading this review there is no health risk at all and we have detectors which identify any gas leak and send an alarm.   Regarding the pictures of the suite, there must have been a misunderstanding because we have just investigated and unfortunately in Starwood hotels app and website there is no image of the two-bedroom suite you booked. Starwood did a selection of photos of the hotel and it was not possible to put an image for each room type. For a more detailed description of each room category and relevant photos, we invite Clients to have a look on our official hotel website.   Regarding the methane gas smell you have reported, our Front desk and Housekeeping Staff have personally checked the rooms immediately after your complaint, since of course safety is our first concern but we have luckily not detected any smell of this kind and we have not received the same complaint from other Guests on that day or after.  It may be possible that sometimes, even if we follow the highest standards of cleaning, especially when it is very hot outside like in these days (more than 35°C/ 95 F), some unpleasant smell could come from the sewage or from the canals outside (when there is low tide) and you can feel it after a room was closed for several hours.  We are really sorry about this and we would like to reassure all our Guests once again that there is not any kind of health risk. Moreover in our hotel rooms, heating and air-conditioning as well as the stoves in the restaurant’s kitchen are all electrical for safety reasons so it is very strange to smell gas inside the hotel unless it is coming from outside or it is some other kind of smell.  Regarding the fact that the Management did not talk to you in person, please accept our sincere apologies. It was certainly not our aim to make you feel that we did not care about the issue but since it was evening the Manager on duty had just left the hotel. He was informed over the phone about the problem and gave instructions to the Reception staff who have tried to offer an alternative suite but unfortunately, even before letting them show you it, you had decided to leave immediately having already done another reservation elsewhere.  Regarding the refund, actually, since you made a lastminute booking we had not charged your card yet but just made a credit card hold. We have not cashed it in because we have decided to let it expire so that you could have your money back as a compensation to your early departure and as per your request. We would have informed you once the hold would have been released which should be in the next few days. So please know we have not charged you for the stay and you will see the money released back on your card shortly.  Unfortunately we have not received any call from you the days after your departure as you mentioned and we did not want to disturb you during your holiday because we had already decided not to charge you for your cancelled stay and there was nothing else we could do at that point.   We are very sad to read that you consider us having “the worst customer service I've ever dealt with. This place is terrible never stay here they could careless about you or helping you.” We totally respect your opinion but we would like to point out that you left before staying at the hotel, our staff have tried to offer you a different solution and we were ready to assist you in booking another place if you did not like Palazzina but you had done another reservation already even before giving us the possibility to give an explanation or assist.   Eventually we are happy that you found an hotel which better fit your needs and expectations and we hope you enjoyed your stay in our beautiful city.  In case you will ever come back to Venice we will be very glad to make our utmost to give you a different prospective of our hotel and service.  Warm regards,   The ManagementRead more