We've always wanted to stay at the Danieli and decided to book a lagoon view room as a Easter Break treat.  We arrived by boat (expensive but worth it) and it was a magnificent way to experience the hotel from the water.  We were escorted into the lobby, which is simply jaw dropping. The magnificent staircase has been used in many a movie and it is simply out of this word. The lobby is spectacular and the history of this building is evident at every turn.  Our room was very spacious and offered a magnificent view of the lagoon. Bathroom was a little on the small side though, turning around in the shower was almost impossible.  All the major sites are a short walk from the Danieli so could not have been better. The concierge was fantastic! Natural and friendly, he pointed out the…Read moreDate of stay: March 2016HelpfulShare Response from ExecutiveOffice72, Manager at Hotel Danieli, a Luxury Collection Hotel, VeniceResponded Mar 30, 2016Dear 967AJacobs, Thank you for taking the time to advise us of your comments posted on TripAdvisor. I was delighted to read that you had a wonderful stay and enjoyed the hotel’s unrivalled location in the heart of Venice which is indeed well placed for business and leisure being close to many major sights, shopping areas and transport link. It was also  encouraging to see that you appreciated the comfort of your room.  I would like to express my sincere apologies for your dissatisfaction with our room service and some of the interactions you had with our concierge team  before your arrival. Our guests are our upmost priority and we strive to ensure that every guest has an enjoyable time at the hotel.  We are taking guest feedback very seriously and please rest assured that your comments have been shared with the respective Department Heads.  Once again thank you for sharing your feedback and I sincerely hope that this experience will not deter you from choosing the Hotel Danieli for your next visit to Venice. Best regards, Silver Carpanese Resident Manager Read more