Having experienced many fine hotels around the world for over 40 years of extensive travel, in my view, the service should really be much better for one of the top properties in Venice, boasting such a fabulous and historic interior.  Arriving at The Danieli was a poor experience for us, matched equally by the handling of our departure.   TRYING TO OBTAIN A SAFE DEPOSIT BOX FOR VALUABLES AND CHECKING IN:-  The staff at reception at the time we checked in were all clueless as to liability cover for safe deposits. One receptionist (I don’t know his name but he had a beard and was seated left of reception behind a computer) told me we were fully covered to place any valuables to any value in our room safe. I could not believe this would be the case nor of course was it. This man…Read moreDate of stay: July 2015HelpfulShare Response from ExecutiveOffice72, Manager at Hotel Danieli, a Luxury Collection Hotel, VeniceResponded Sep 30, 2015Dear BarryAscot, We would like to thank you for your valuable, constructive and detailed report. We have read with great interest your evaluation and we welcome both your encouraging comments as well as the less appreciative ones as they represent a vital instrument in our daily commitment to create memorable experiences for our Guests. We have shared your feedback with the Executive team in order to analyze and to correct any critical issues of the hotel operations that you have highlighted. Please be assured that your concerns about the service will not go unheard, this exclusive Hotel Danieli service is designated to offer discreet and personal attention; executing duties with grace and precision and all the team apologizes most sincerely for having spoiled what should have been an enduring and flawless impression, heritage of the indelible legacy of this hotel and brand.We are very pleased that you appreciated our property and the Restaurant Terrazza. Allow us to extend our sincere apologies if we were unable to entirely meet your expectations.  We always encourage our staff for an helpful and friendly approach and we know too well that an improper attitude can make a real difference. We hope to welcome you back in the future and show you the high standard of quality and service we are accustomed to provide to all our guests. Best regards, Silver Carpanese Resident ManagerRead more