Our visit to Venice was a Christmas gift from my parents and we were so excited to be staying at the Danieli. Unfortunately from the moment we arrived we were disappointed. Check in took a ridiculously long time and for no reason, as the stay was pre-paid. Our room wasn’t ready and we asked if there was somewhere we could change to head out and we were directed to the toilets!!   When we did get to our lagoon view room, we had a view...but through a tiny stone window. We then tried to dial down to see if we could move to a room with patio doors (as shown on the website) and after 3 attempts my husband decided to go to reception.  The lady who assisted (Sara) did do her best to help and found another room but it was on the 1st floor and there was just a view of the ramp at the…Read moreDate of stay: June 20192 Helpful votesHelpfulShare Response from HotelDanieliB, Manager at Hotel Danieli, a Luxury Collection Hotel, VeniceResponded Jun 11, 2019Dear JaneZOB,  Thank you so much for taking the time to share your recent experience at The Hotel Danieli in Venice.   We share your disappointment for not receiving the punctual and bespoke service you would so rightly have expected. It is our committed aim - and of the Hotel Danieli staff - to offer personal and dedicated attention to any requirements, either small or big, easy or difficult, from our guests and we wish to assure you that will work harder to prevent that issues such as the ones you have shared do not happen again in the future.  We are also  very sorry to hear that you found the room you were allocated not to be to your liking. Please be assured that our management team and I take these comments very seriously and I would like to thank you for bringing this matter to our attention, it is only with our guest’s feedback that we can continue to improve. We do have a quite a range of room categories that generally cater for most tastes so please do not hesitate to contact me personally should you return to Venice and we can arrange for a room to meet your specific needs.  I look forward to welcoming you back to the Hotel Danieli in the near future. Best regards, Silver Carpanese Resident ManagerRead more