The location of the Danielli is fabulous.  The lobby bar is lovely but the service was very slow regardless of how many, or how few, clients were present.  For 1400 euros/night we had a view of a wall and such a small closet we had to live out of our suitcases.  We could have lived with all of this (after all it we were in Venice!) had the concierge service been better.  We are very generous when it comes to tipping but we never imagined that so much would be expected up front ..water transportation (50 euros each time), the wifi code ("It's not my job."), a plug for a hair dryer (50 euros). We had loads of friends visiting Venice at the same time who paid far less for much better service. My suggestion would be to go to a smaller hotel or rent an apartment. Read moreDate of stay: May 2015HelpfulShare Response from ExecutiveOffice72, Manager at Hotel Danieli, a Luxury Collection Hotel, VeniceResponded Jun 22, 2015Dear cleighreed, Whilst I am pleased that you enjoyed our public spaces and the location of the Hotel, I am obviously disappointed that we did not exceed your expectations. As a team we are totally committed to delivering exceptional guest experiences through a bespoke, personal service and the finest attention to detail in an environment that reflect our passion for design and understated luxury, and I am incredibly sorry that we did not manage to achieve this for you. I can understand your comment regarding room size, but I do hope that you will consider returning as we have many room categories and various options in between. I am very confident we have a room that will meet and exceed your expectations from both a space and value perspective. I would be grateful if you reached out to me directly prior to your next Venice visit as I would welcome the opportunity to discuss all our options with you personally and ultimately ensure your next stay with us is as memorable and special as we would want it to be. I very much look forward to hearing from you, Best regards Silver Carpanese Resident ManagerRead more