This was our first visit to the Danieli, and will not be repeated. We booked 4 nights in a Luxury Lagoon View Double with Balcony. The room was located in the Danieli Excelsior building (1 of 3, each very different.) This building has been most recently upgraded so the finishes and fabrics were elegant. The king bed was excellent as were the linens. The view from our balcony directly facing the Grand Canal was perfect, extraordinary, sublime... This concludes the positive portion of my review. Everything else about this hotel was a disappointment. The Danieli seems to be living off past glory and the crazily positive reviews here on Trip Advisor. I simply don't understand all the raves. It's as if these people have never stayed in any of the truly great hotels, so don't…Read moreDate of stay: October 2014HelpfulShare Response from ExecutiveOffice72, Manager at Hotel Danieli, a Luxury Collection Hotel, VeniceResponded Oct 13, 2014Dear ManhattanTripper, We would like to thank you for your valuable, constructive and detailed report. Together with all the Trip Advisor visitors, we have read with great interest your evaluation and we welcome both your encouraging comments as well as the less appreciative ones as they represent a vital instrument in our daily commitment to create memorable experiences for our Guests. We have shared your feedback with the Executive team in order to analyze and to correct any critical issues of the hotel operations that you have highlighted. Please be assured that your concerns about the service will not go unheard, this exclusive Hotel Danieli service is designated to offer discreet and personal attention; executing duties with grace and precision and all the butler team apologize most sincerely for having spoiled what should have been an enduring and flawless impression, heritage of the indelible legacy of this hotel and brand. We hope to welcome you back in the future and show you the high standard of quality and service we are accustomed to provide to all our guests. Sincerely, Silver Carpanese Executive Assistant Manager in charge of OperationsRead more