Bitterly disappointed by this Hotel. Been wanting to stay here for a while on my first trip to Venice, was looking forward to it but.....  First of all Venice is the most expensive, rip off place I have ever been in my life. One visit here is enough for a lifetime.  If you like an overpriced hotel with average, worn down rooms, paying for supplements just to sit at the table in the hotel you choose to stay and dine in then Hotel Danieli is for you.  We booked through Amex as we do a lot of our trips, highly recommended (really?!) and we checked in after booking a premium deluxe double room, we got upgraded (again really?!) to a luxury double room, that was small and very red! Made the room feel much smaller.  The receptionist asked us if we wanted to upgrade to a lagoon room for…Read moreDate of stay: September 2014HelpfulShare Response from ExecutiveOffice72, Manager at Hotel Danieli, a Luxury Collection Hotel, VeniceResponded Sep 26, 2014Dear Cupcakebrown1983, We would like to thank you for your valuable, constructive and detailed report. Together with all the Trip Advisor visitors, we have read with great interest your evaluation and we welcome both your encouraging comments as well as the less appreciative ones as they represent a vital instrument in our daily commitment to create memorable experiences for our Guests. We have shared your feedback with the Executive team in order to analyze and to correct any critical issues of the hotel operations that you have highlighted. Please be assured that your concerns about the service will not go unheard, this exclusive Hotel Danieli service is designated to offer discreet and personal attention; executing duties with grace and precision and all the  team apologize most sincerely for having spoiled what should have been an enduring and flawless impression, heritage of the indelible legacy of this hotel and brand. We look forward to have the pleasure to welcome you back in the future, Yours sincerely Silver Carpanese Executive Assistant Manager in charge of OperationsRead more