I had scheduled a stay after returning from a cruise. Just one night after 3 wonderful nights at the Hotel Luna Baglioni.  I wanted to experience the hotel Danielli as it was touted as a world class hotel second time in Venice.  My experience within the first moments of arrival beg to differ. The location was in a chaotic central vendor location.  Noisy, on the dirtier side which I had not seen on my previous stay. There was a round about doorway with fingerprints all over the glass. Once entering this very dark and dreary entrance you encounter 1 staff at desk who had head down and disinterested, I asked a question regarding transportation to hotel Danielli , he sent me to another man whom appeared busy......not a great experience when asking for info. A bit rude, Overall I…Read moreDate of stay: August 2014HelpfulShare Response from ExecutiveOffice72, Manager at Hotel Danieli, a Luxury Collection Hotel, VeniceResponded Aug 25, 2014Dear Karen H, Thank you for taking the time to post your comments about your recent experience at the Hotel Danieli.  We are very sorry that the hotel Danieli experience and location disappointed you and we sincerely regret that the unique legacy of this legendary did not respond to your expectations. Allow us just to mention that - just stepping out of the hotel - there are many interesting sites: from the Basilica of St. Mark, The Bridge of Sighs, Palazzo Ducale, the Prisons to the Rialto Bridge, etc. with thousands of tourists who flock each year in the heart of the city. Additionally, being the Hotel Danieli itself built in XIII century, many tourists would like to enter and visit it, pushing our ancient revolving door which is controlled by a proximity sensor. My apologies also for any inconsistency in service you may have experienced entering the hotel, in particular  we are truly sorry if you felt that the Front Office agent did not handle your matter in an appropriate manner. We hope we will have soon another chance to welcoming you in the future. Best regards, Silver Carpanese Executive Assistant Manager In charge of OperationsRead more