Oh... Where to begin...  This place is disgraceful. Stay away and spend HALF the money to stay elsewhere. Perhaps a place where they actually look at you when they speak to you or even better, a place where the staff SMILE when they speak to you.  Or even better still, a place that doesn't give you a room with an obvious sewerage/plumbing issue and tries to pass it off as being part of the original palace (code for decaying and in need of urgent plumbing).   To begin... My husband and I arrived from Paris, full of excitement. Venice was our first stop in Italy and as a little girl in Australia, I always dreamed of going to Venice.   We arrived by water taxi and proceeded to check in. The front desk informed us that our room was ready and he would personally show us the room. As…Read moreDate of stay: October 2013HelpfulShare Response from ExecutiveOffice72, Manager at Hotel Danieli, a Luxury Collection Hotel, VeniceResponded Nov 21, 2013Dear NayiriA, We would like to thank you for your valuable, constructive and detailed report. Together with all the Trip Advisor visitors, we have read with great interest your evaluation and we welcome both your encouraging comments as well as the less appreciative ones as they represent a vital instrument in our daily commitment to create memorable experiences for our Guests. We have shared your feedback with the Executive team in order to analyze and to correct any critical issues of the hotel operations that you have highlighted. Please be assured that your concerns about the service will not go unheard, this exclusive Hotel Danieli service is designated to offer discreet and personal attention; executing duties with grace and precision and all the butler team apologize most sincerely for having spoiled what should have been an enduring and flawless impression, heritage of the indelible legacy of this hotel and brand.We hope to welcome you back in the future and show you the high standard of quality and service we are accustomed to provide to all our guests. Best regards, The Hotel ManagementRead more