As I am writing this review, I am still here at the Danieli, sitting in room 291. After a great stay at the Savoy in London and then two days on the Orient Express to Venice, we got a room at the Hotel Danieli. First of all the location. Perfect, hands down. Two minutes walk from Piazza San Marco and with a Vaporetto station almost in front of the hotel. Does not get easier and better than that. Also even though there are other great hotels on the same island, the Danieli is simply right there once you get to San Marco. No need to walk through the maze that Venice is, like you have to do with many other hotels. So yes, it is convenient and again in an amazing location. They were waiting for us at Santa Lucia train station and we got to the hotel on a private water taxi, right to…Read moreDate of stay: October 2013HelpfulShare Response from ExecutiveOffice72, Manager at Hotel Danieli, a Luxury Collection Hotel, VeniceResponded Oct 10, 2013Dear TSMVP,  We would like to thank you for your valuable, constructive and detailed report. Together with all the Trip Advisor visitors, we have read with great interest your evaluation and we welcome both your encouraging comments as well as the less appreciative ones as they represent a vital instrument in our daily commitment to create memorable experiences for our Guests. We have shared your feedback with the Executive team in order to analyze and to correct any critical issues of the hotel operations that you have highlighted. Please be assured that your concerns about the service will not go unheard, this exclusive Hotel Danieli service is designated to offer discreet and personal attention; executing duties with grace and precision and all the team apologize most sincerely for having spoiled what should have been an enduring and flawless impression, heritage of the indelible legacy of this hotel and brand. We hope to welcome you back in the future and show you the high standard of quality and service we are accustomed to provide to all our guests. Best regards, Christophe Mercier Hotel ManagerRead more