Knowing the history and ranking of this hotel, our expectations were admittedly high.  However, after the initial positive impression of the beautiful lobby, we were disappointed.  The room was much smaller than any other hotel room I've stayed in in Europe.  We were in the new section and the decor was, in my opinion, tacky.  The whole room seemed to be a bordeaux red velvet.  The bathroom was tiny.  We also noticed a lot of hard water stains on the tile of the bathroom and on the tub, which I would not expect to see at a five star hotel.  The carpet on the stairs and hallways was very worn.  The worst part, though, was that every single staff member we encountered seemed to be expecting a gratuity, even for the most menial help.  It was the point that we felt uncomfortable. …Read moreDate of stay: August 2012HelpfulShare Response from ExecutiveOffice72, Manager at Hotel Danieli, a Luxury Collection Hotel, VeniceResponded Sep 11, 2012Dear PAG224, Thank you for posting your review following your recent stay with us at the Hotel Danieli..  May I offer my sincere apologies for your dissatisfaction with your recent experience with the room signs inside the  property. We always strive to ensure that every guest has an enjoyable time at the Hotel and I was of course very disappointed to see that we did not meet your expectations on this occasion. As far as transportation is concerned we would like to inform you that the Private Hostess Assisted Transfers include:  • personal greeting by the hostess at the arrival destination,  • porter assistance,  • pre-arranged private water taxi to Hotel Danieli, unaccompanied by the hostess. the cost is of  Euro 195 every 2 people While the WATER TAXI SERVICE • From Marco Polo Airport: one way water taxi fare approximately Euro 110,00 for up to 4 persons, dependent upon luggage.  The water taxi station is to be found at the airport pier, a 5 minute walk (800 metres) from the arrivals hall.  Once more, I am truly sorry for any shortcomings that may have occurred and I sincerely hope that this experience will not deter you from choosing Hotel Danieli or Starwood Hotels for your next visit to Venice, kind regards, Christophe Mercier Hotel ManagerRead more