We booked a family trip to stay at Hotel Danieli in June 2020.   When COVID hit and it was apparent we would not be able to make our scheduled trip we were informed through Marriott that we would receive a refund (we have the email that states this exactly).  However, Hotel Danieli will NOT refund us our money.  Furthering the terrible customer service of Hotel Danieli we were going to pass our 2 rooms onto friends in Italy since the hotel would not honor their commitment of refunding us our money.  Hotel Danieli would not honor this alternative either as they had closed their doors and no guests were allowed to stay at their hotel.  The customer service is non-existent, we understand the plight they were facing, yet they will not give us the same courtesy.  If this is how they treat upcoming guests I cannot imagine the actual stay!…Read moreDate of stay: June 2020Service4 Helpful votesHelpfulShare Response from Hotel Danieli Bistrot, Marketing at Hotel Danieli, a Luxury Collection Hotel, VeniceResponded Jul 23, 2020Dear Valued Guest,   Hope this email finds you and your family well.  We are sorry for your disappointment regarding your cancelled reservation.  We know that our CEO, Mr. Sorenson, sent the communication you have mentioned. However, on our official website, there were the specification that some exclusions may be applied and that the form of refund may be subject to applicable laws where each hotel is located.  Further The Decree-Law 17 March 2020, n. 18 (so-called "Italian Care Decree"), we are giving the opportunity to our guests, that reserved prepaid non-changeable and non-refundable rates, to use the amount already paid for a future stay at our property, within the validity of the voucher.  Therefore any accommodation reservations made but not consummated due the Covid-19 emergency ( including the closure of the hotel) must be reimbursed by issuing a voucher.   We know this period has many variables and may be not easy to plan a trip. We would like to give you the possibility to change your reservation in 2021 in a more convenient and enjoyable moment and for this reason we are pleased to extend the validity of your voucher until 31st December 2021 Dear Valued Guest,  we seek for your understanding. Thank you for choosing Marriott, and we look forward to welcoming you in the near future. Kind regards Silver Carpanese Resident ManagerRead more