My partner and I have stayed at the Danieli on a number of occasions over the years and have always loved it. The hotel does have real character and charm.   On this occasion however we booked the same category room as ever but were given a room that was clearly a standard size room and not of the price we paid. It appears that there is a huge discrepancy in rooms in different buildings of the hotel. The main old building is lovely, however the attached building we were put into this time was old and somewhat tatty and the rooms tiny. The windows open out to a brick wall. The room felt dark and pokey. It really was unpleasant. It made the holiday a lot less enjoyable than on other occasions when we have been in the main building where the rooms are beautiful.   Breakfast on the…Read moreDate of stay: August 20182 Helpful votesHelpfulShare Response from Hotel Danieli B, General Manager at Hotel Danieli, a Luxury Collection Hotel, VeniceResponded Aug 19, 2018Dear 922Carolynw,  Thank you for taking the time to advise us of your comments posted on TripAdvisor and I am glad to read you enjoy very much our Terrazza. I would like to express my sincere apologies for your dissatisfaction with your recent experience during your stay at the hotel.  Checking our records I could noticed the previous years you were upgraded to a lovely Dandolo Room, therefore the differnce noticed with this stay. We do have quite a range of room categories that generally cater for most tastes so please do not hesitate to contact me personally or any member of our team should you return to Venice and we can arrange for rooms to meet your specific needs.  Although we may not enjoy a negative feedback, we thank you for sharing your experience about check out and please accept my sincere apologies for the delay due to the high volume of business.  Once again thank you for sharing your feedback and I sincerely hope that this experience will not deter you from choosing the Hotel Danieli in the future.   Best regards,  Silver Carpanese Resident ManagerRead more