The Danieli hotel is beautiful, however my daughter and I had bought 2 purses 3 days before staying at the hotel (we have our receipts) when we returned to the USA we went to unpack and the purses weren’t in our suitcases!! There is no other explanation for the purses missing other than someone at the hotel stole them!! I’ve tried calling the hotel night clerk and then the manager and they say they can’t help me because I don’t have a police report or case number. I’ve spent $200 on international phone calls trying to get a police case number but no one speaks English! Very upsetting, and maddening! I was wearing the new purse the night we left and I’m on the hotel security cameras, but the manager claims he can’t look at the tapes unless I have a case number!    The manager is…Read moreDate of stay: October 20172 Helpful votesHelpfulShare Response from ExecutiveOffice72, Manager at Hotel Danieli, a Luxury Collection Hotel, VeniceResponded Dec 12, 2017Dear Guest, I deeply regret the inconvenience of your having forgotten personal items upon your departure from Venice. The security of our guests is of the highest importance to us so your accusations do concern us deeply. As per our private exchange of correspondence of October, Italian law requires an official claim to be lodged with the Italian police in order to commence an internal investigation, and only the police force is entitled to carry out the investigation. We are still waiting to receive from yourself copy of the report claim with the details you had indicated you would be registering from a US office, as well as notification from the local police authority in order to fully collaborate by providing them with all available information.  Unfortunately and as previously communicated to you, without an official document we are unable to lodge a liability claim with our insurance. This process was reconfirmed to me this morning after a meeting with the local Chief Police Officer (Carabinieri). Best regards, Silver Carpanese Resident Manager Read more