 Lovely premises, one of a kind, full of charm and in a most convenient location for all that Venice has to offer. The Restaurant on the 4th floor has an open terrace affording quite amazing views and is a glorious place to be over lunch in the mild early autumn sun. Service overall was not too shabby by the standards of old Europe and they did go out of their way to afford me that slightly later check out time.  Having said all that and with my hand firmly on my heart, i am finding great difficulty in recommending the Danieli whole heartedly. They have become perhaps a tad complacent. I encountered several issues that one should not find in any hotel charging a princely 500+ Euro for their most basic doubles off peak.  The first is one relating to safety. On each side of the…Read moreDate of stay: October 20171 Helpful voteHelpfulShare Response from Hotel Danieli B, Resident Manager at Hotel Danieli, a Luxury Collection Hotel, VeniceResponded Oct 15, 2017Dear Bigpunter1,  Thank you for taking the time to advise us of your comments posted on TripAdvisor.  I would like to express my sincere apologies for your dissatisfaction with your recent experience during your stay at the hotel. Although we may not enjoy a negative feedback, we thank you for sharing your experience. We have taken your concerns very seriously and we are taking every possible measure at an operational level to prevent the issues you reported to happen again in the future.  Our guests are our upmost priority and we strive to ensure that every guest has an enjoyable time at the hotel. We were concerned to discovery that we could not deliver on your expectations on five star services and I feel sorry that you were disappointed with our room’s product. We are taking guest feedback very seriously and please rest assured that your comments have been shared with the respective Department Heads.  I sincerely hope that your experience will not deter you from choosing the Hotel in the future.  Best Regards Silver Carpanese Resident Manager Read more