While taking into consideration that fact that it was a busy time (i.e. the Venice Film Festival), the welcome was not very welcoming. At the check-in, the FIRST comment was, I see you're staying here on points. A "hello" would have been nice. When we asked about a canal tour, the first concierge said, "Madam, the public boats do not fit onto the canals." After letting him know that I understood that, and pressed again for information, he reluctantly told me the price, stressing that it's for a minimum of 2 hours. Finally, a very helpful concierge let me know that I'd be best off renting a private taxi and hiring a guide, and he helpfully let me know that a 1 hour tour would give me the highlights. He kindly found me a guide In addition, on one of the days we were there the room…Read moreDate of stay: September 2017HelpfulShare Response from ExecutiveOffice72, Manager at Hotel Danieli, a Luxury Collection Hotel, VeniceResponded Sep 11, 2017Dear Judy W, Thank you very much for taking the time to review your recent stay and please accept my sincere apologies for your dissatisfaction with your recent experience. I was concerned to discover that we could not deliver on your expectations for a 5 stars service and I feel sorry that you felt the staff not being personal and attentive during the interactions. On the other side, I have read with great interest you enjoyed the service and friendless especially of one of our concierge, we welcome your comments as they represent a vital instrument in our daily commitment to create memorable experiences for our Guests. Your feedback have been shared with the whole team in order to analyze and correct any critical issues of the team attitude that you have highlighted. Please be assured that your concerns about the service will not go unheard, as we always encourage our staff for a helpful and friendly style. I do apologizes most sincerely if we did spoiled what should have been an enduring and flawless impression. Once again thank you for sharing your feedback and I sincerely hope that this experience will not deter you from choosing the Hotel Danieli in the future. Best regards, Silver Carpanese Resident Manager Read more