Just returned home from Venice and our stay at the hotel Danieli, which was for 4 nights.   Our arrival at the side entrance of the hotel in a water taxi was a touch of class; the staff were quick to approach us and ensure our luggage was checked.  The young lady at reception had a lovely demeanour and a sense of humour, this was lovely to see. Check in was quick and we were pleasantly suprised to receive an upgrade, it was an internal room, so no glorious views.  The room was beautifully appointed and the service in respect of cleaning was extremely good.   We decided to try the terraced bar and after 100 euros and just the four cocktails, we left satisfied with the stunning views. We decided not to utilise the hotels restaurant facilities, I am sorry but no meal for 4 is worth…Read moreDate of stay: August 2017HelpfulShare Responded Aug 12, 2017Dear Dave C,  Thank you for taking the time to review your recent stay at the Hotel Danieli, a Luxury Collection Hotel.  I have read with great interest you enjoyed the service and friendless of our Reception team member, we welcome your comments as they represent a vital instrument in our daily commitment to create memorable experiences for our Guests  However, I am sorry to hear about the loss of your friends' camera. Please accept my sincere apologies if the team was not able to relocate it. As per company policy any items found in public areas or rooms are recorded and no camera has been brought to the lost&found office. Running on a dialy high occupancy and having our Food&Beverage venues open to outside guests, it is hard to monitor into details the flow of guests and its actions. I have shared your feedback with the whole team in order to analyze and to correct any critical issues of the hotel operations that you have highlighted. Please be assured that your concerns about the service will not go unheard, as we always encourage our staff for a helpful and friendly approach. I do apologizes most sincerely if we did spoiled what should have been an enduring and flawless impression.  I hope to welcome you back in the future and show you the high standard of quality and service we are accustomed to provide to all our guests.  Yours sincerely   Silver Carpanese Resident Manager Read more