We have just returned from a City Break to Venice. We wanted to stay in a 5 Star hotel so chose the Hotel  Danieli. On arrival the hotel did live up up to expectations and looked superb, arrival was impressive on the water taxi and check in was smooth, thanks Elena.  The stay went well, until, we left a camera on a table on the first floor lift lobby to go the roof terrace for cocktails, 100 euros for 4 cocktails but the view was great so worth while.  Within seconds of arriving on the roof I realised we had left the camera on the table downstairs, so I returned quickly to retrieve it, but it had gone in less than 5 minutes. That's when the hotel let themselves down badly as they were not interested in helping, I had to ask the concierge to keep checking with loss property and…Read moreDate of stay: August 20171 Helpful voteHelpfulShare Responded Aug 12, 2017Dear Gary S,  Thank you for taking the time to review your recent stay at the Hotel Danieli, a Luxury Collection Hotel.  I have read with great interest you enjoyed the service and friendless of our Reception team member Elena, we welcome your comments as they represent a vital instrument in our daily commitment to create memorable experiences for our Guests However, I am sorry to hear about the loss of your camera. Please accept my sincere apologies if the team was not able to relocate it. As per company policy any items found in public areas or rooms are recorded and no camera has been brought to the lost&found office. Running on a dialy high occupancy and having our Food&Beverage venues open to outside guests, it is hard to monitor into details the flow of guests and its actions.  I have shared your feedback with the whole team in order to analyze and to correct any critical issues of the hotel operations that you have highlighted. Please be assured that your concerns about the service will not go unheard, as we always encourage our staff for a helpful and friendly approach. I do apologizes most sincerely if we did spoiled what should have been an enduring and flawless impression.  I hope to welcome you back in the future and show you the high standard of quality and service we are accustomed to provide to all our guests.  Yours sincerely   Silver Carpanese Resident Manager  Read more