We stayed for three nights with friends to celebrate 40th birthdays, following a trip on the Orient Express, as we wanted the luxury to continue. I've just thought long and hard as to whether to mark the Danieli three or four stars, as I have very mixed feelings after our stay.   Pros: Location is excellent. I got up at sunrise one morning to take photos on the waterfront and around St Marks in the stunning light. It's a must-see and is just steps from the Danieli doors.  Reception and bar area are beautiful and luxurious.  Breakfast on the top floor terrace is amazing. The views are superb and the quality and selection of the buffet breakfast are unbeatable.   Cons:  Service was pretty poor for the standard of the hotel. There was one person on check-in and a queue 10-deep.…Read moreDate of stay: October 2016HelpfulShare Response from ExecutiveOffice72, Manager at Hotel Danieli, a Luxury Collection Hotel, VeniceResponded Nov 4, 2016Dear Gemma N, I was pleased to learn that you enjoyed the perfect location of the Hotel in the Heart of Venice, indeed for travelling around Venice with ease and visiting most of its major attractions and sights. I was also pleased to learn that you appreciated the reception and the bar area.  I was surprised and disappointed to read of your negative experience regarding service during your stay at the Hotel Danieli. Your experience does not align with the high standard of service we strive to deliver to all our guests and for this I sincerely apologize.  Our guests are our upmost priority and we strive to ensure that every guest has a very enjoyable time at the hotel. I have addressed your comments with the relevant departmental managers to ensure that our service is delivered in a correct manner. I sincerely hope you will not be deterred in staying with us again when you next visit Venice and I would invite you to contact me directly so I can personally ensure a seamless experience. Best regards, Siler Carpanese Resident ManagerRead more