Bewertung zwischen durchschnittlich und gut. Besser als der Durchschnitt aber nicht wirklich gut. Sehr schönes Hotel, schöne Lobby, eine Tiefgarage für 20 € pro Tag für die Hotelgäste, schöne Zimmer, geräumiges Bad, Sitzecke in meinem Zimmer, die alle gut, aber: alle Zimmer haben Teppich. Ich bat um ein Zimmer ohne Teppich und das war nicht möglich, da sie die Zimmer ohne Teppiche haben nur in die Suite Kategorien. - So offensichtlich für das Management von Mövenpick sind nur reiche Leute erlaubt zu Allergien haben.  Und: Sie können zwischen Internet wählen Sie kostenfrei und das ist wie die Hölle langsam oder schneller Internetzugang und das kostet Geld wie die Hölle. Bis zu 49 € für einen Tag für sehr schnelle Internetverbindung. Das ist absolut lächerlich.  Internet Preise…Mehr lesenAufenthaltsdatum: August 2015Übersetzung bewerten HilfreichSenden Antwort von jkoehler, General Manager im Mövenpick Hotel Stuttgart AirportBeantwortet: 24. Aug. 2015Mit Google übersetzenDear Guest,  your feedback has been well noticed and we are concerned to read that your experience fell far below your expectations. We only wish that we had been made aware of these issues before your departure so that appropriate action could have been taken. Especially since our Food & Beverage Manager met you personally during your visit and again before your departure.   However we are pleased to learn that you liked the hotel in general and that only a few shortcomings lead you to place this review. We are certainly very concerned and sorry to read about the incidences during your visits to our restaurant. Our team will certainly assist all guests with their personal requests, may it be changes in the menus or any special dietary wishes. A special menu for allergies is always available on request.  You can be sure our colleagues acted to the best of their knowledge and belief and are trained to handle relevant allergic requirements however, we are certainly no experts in all of them. We do however believe that your feedback concerning our internet is misleading. Our free internet is offered with a bandwidth of 1 mbps and we receive constant positive feedback. Most hotels offer free internet access with a bandwidth of 512 kbps or even only 256 kbps. We also believe that our high speed internet options are reasonably priced compared to our competition. We do offer a bandwidth of 5 mbps for EUR 10.00 and 10 mbps for EUR 18.00. In your comment you mention costs of EUR 49.00 for an Internet access. It is correct that we do offer this kind of access, however this access has a super-fast bandwidth of 100 mbps with no limitation on connected devices and is therefore suitable e.g. for meetings and conferences. When logging on to the network a clear instruction on the offered options is available and guests can choose the suitable option for their needs. Furthermore will our service team more than pleased assisting our guests when asked.  It is correct that we don't have regular rooms without carpets. This has however nothing to do with your accusation that we use this to sell our suites to guests with allergies. This is simply the design concept of the hotel and we would like to assure you that we take utmost care of our rooms. Therefore they are also suitable for guests with allergies due to our modern cleaning products and procedures.  We do regret that our team member missed to ask you about your satisfaction. This has nothing to do with disinterest. However, since feedback, may it be positive or negative, is always helpful for hotels, we wish that our guests share comments with us even when not asked. We are disappointed to learn that you weren’t able to recognize our daily hard work to make each guests stay enjoyable. We invest quite a lot of efforts in our recruitment process as well as in our daily trainings and supervision of procedures and therefore we are disappointed that we failed to deliver our excellent service to you. However, we are grateful for the vast majority of our guests who have recognized this over the years and taken time to share their positive experiences with us either directly at the hotel or on hotel review websites like TripAdvisor. We have updated your profile with the information concerning your allergy requirements to be better prepared for your future stays.  We will look forward to welcoming you back in the not too distant future so we can craft a memorable experience providing you with True Mövenpick Service. Sincerely,  Juergen KoehlerMehr lesen