My sister and I booked this hotel for two nights, including the fixed dinner at the Zwirbelstube. We arrived by train and the hotel is literally just a few steps from the Hauptbahnhof.   I upgraded us to a Deluxe room (Euro 30 extra) so I can't comment on the regular rooms; our room looked onto the park.  We got free water in the room every day, which was appreciated and had breakfast included, which was delicious.  The staff is exceptionally friendly and helpful!  The bathroom was nice and clean with good products. My sister enjoyed the bath tub.  The room had air conditioning which we used as it was warm and very humid. On full setting (3), it was not cool enough for me, as I am used to American A/C. One night we had the windows open but ended up closing them as it's quite…Read moreDate of stay: August 2017HelpfulShare Response from AlthoffHotelGroup, Manager at Althoff Hotel Am SchlossgartenResponded Aug 31, 2017Dear Natasche T,  Thank you very much for your stay at the Althoff Hotel am Schlossgarten and for taking the time to share your feedback. It is a pleasure to read that you enjoyed your stay with us. I will be sure to share your comments with the team and thank them for making your stay special.  As you metioned we know about the issue with our Wifi. Please note that especially in the holiday season we have a lot of families as our guests and they are using streaming services on different devices. Please let me ensure you that we are already working hard to optimise the quality of our internet connection.  Yes, it is legal to smoke outside of restaurants (also on balconies) in Germany. If will discuss your comment with my team - probably we will find a solution to satisfy all our guests.  Please allow me to express my sincerest apologies for the problems you have encountered.  I would like to thank you for your constructive feedback which I will take as an opportunity to continuously improve our service and product.  Kind regards Ulrich Schwer Managing DirectorRead more