2-day stay with a small kid. Place: 5 mins from Stuttgart Hbf. Reception: very friendly and very helpful. You, ladies made us comfortable and happy :) Parking: ok and no choice to find an another place. Rooms: superior and deluxe has almost no difference, only a size of bed (queen or king). Superior was a bit better (but the price and category of deluxe should be higher :( ) shower room at superior was much better than the bath&shower room at delux, which was a little bit required to repair... :-( rooms are a bit worn-out but not bad. Definitely cozy :) Restaurant: ate Wirtschafthaus... well, too long to wait for meals and dessert. 1 Sorbet took 1/2 hrs... Staff were not so friendly. Breakfast: Wonderful! All staff were very kind and served us with their efforts. The price of…Read moreDate of stay: July 2017HelpfulShare Response from AlthoffHotelGroup, Manager at Althoff Hotel Am SchlossgartenResponded Aug 6, 2017Dear juncool,  Thank you so much for taking the time to write such a detailed review of your visit at the Althoff Hotel am Schlossgarten. It made me very proud to read your wonderful feedback; I will be sure to share your comments with my team and thank them for making your stay special.  In regards to your other observations, please let me ensure you that the hotel has undergone a complete renovation of all areas including all 106 guest rooms over the past 5 years. We are continously re-renovating areas throughout the hotel and will continue to do so every year.  Our Superior Rooms have 28sqm and are located to the city side; all our Deluxe Rooms have a wonderful prak view and are with 32 sqm a bit bigger.  I am sorry to read that we did not meet your expectations concerning our restaurant Weinwirtschaft; please allow me to express my sincerest apologies.  Please rest assured that we are taking the appropriate measures to address the problem and prevent any future occurrences.  We appreciate the time you took to share your concerns, and it is our hope that you will give us the opportunity to better serve you in the future.  Sincerely Ulrich Schwer Managing DirectorRead more