Just love this old German Business hotel. It's really about completely professional discrete service to make your work as seamless as possible.  From the front desk, valet to the comfortable room with sweeping views of Stuttgart, it's just makes a fast work trip a breeze.    The cafe is sublime on a summers afternoon looking out on the park and the main plaza just a stone throw away.  Upgraded to a suite which was just dandy especially without an outdoor terrace.  Loved this old school suite.  The staff really make this place sing, always attentive and smiling with nothing a problem.   With limited hotel choices in Stuttgart, this hotel always blows me away even compared with major luxury brands.  Keep it up Althoff, I love it. Read moreDate of stay: July 2017HelpfulShare Response from AlthoffHotelGroup, Manager at Althoff Hotel Am SchlossgartenResponded Aug 1, 2017Dear sastudio,  I truly appreciate you taking the time to write such detailed and wonderful comments about your stay with us; it will be my pleasure to thank the team for providing such an excellent service to you. As a member of The Leading Hotels of the World, the hotel continuously strives to meet your needs and expectations.  Our Leysieffer Café am Schlossgarten is the ideal place for a little break where you can enjoy the wonderful panorama view from the terrace into the green park. The Leysieffer Café am Schlossgarten has something for everyone: a choice of delicious freshly prepared cakes and pastries, small snacks, light meals, refreshing ice cream or confectionery products.   Our hotel is indeed situated in the center of downtown Stuttgart, hence walking distance to the shopping district (the famous Königstrasse), to many cultural highlights and the main train station makes it very easy for our guests to travel to our hotel.  Thank you again so much for your lovely words about our hotel - it is a motivation for all of us to read your wonderful feedback.  We are looking forward to welcoming you soon back again.  Sincerely Ulrich Schwer Managing DirectorRead more