I used to stay at this hotel a couple of times in the past years and was quite happy. This time, however, was a complete disaster. When booking a junior suite 2 months ago by phone I was not told that at the date I wanted to book there was major renovation going on. I would have booked at the Meridien where I stayed before. The following day of my stay the heating had been switched off completely at freezing temperatures outside (-3C). This was happening at all rooms, private and public. When complaining I was told that some mechanic failure happened in the process of renovation and would be repaired quickly. Checking out after 4days nothing had changed, still cold restaurant for breakfast, cold at the lounge and bar where I sat with coat and scarf (and this in a member of The…Read moreDate of stay: April 2017HelpfulShare Response from AlthoffHotelGroup, Manager at Althoff Hotel Am SchlossgartenResponded Apr 25, 2017Dear jocoine,  first of all I would like to thank you for your stay at the Althoff Hotel am Schlossgarten and for taking the time to share your feedback. I am truly disappointed to read about your unsatisfying experiences in our hotel.  Please allow me to express my sincerest apologies for the problems you have encountered.  As we continuously strive to maintain a high level of quality in our hotel we renovate the bathrooms in our executive rooms on several guest floors between April 10th and April 30th, 2017. We are doing our best to keep any disturbances at a minimum - I am really sorry for any inconveniences that may have occured during your stay. Unfortunately we had really big problems with our heating system due to the renovation work. Many technicians checked this issue as it was not easy to fix. In the meantime we solved the problem and the heating system is running properly again.  At Althoff Hotel am Schlossgarten, one of The Leading Hotels of the World, we continuously strive to meet your needs and expectations; therefore your feedback is very important to us. Please rest assured that we are taking the appropriate measures to address the problem and prevent any future occurrences.  I would be very happy if you would allow me to contact you by phone to express my sincerest apologies personally. If you agree please let me know how I can reach you best.  Thank you again for your constructive feedback which I will take as an opportunity to continuously improve our service and product.  Sincerely,  Ulrich Schwer Managing DirectorRead more