This was my third time in Stuttgart for business and I've stayed in three different hotels.  I would have to say that this was my favorite hotel of the three.  As most other posters have already stated, the location is great.  Close to the train station, subway and shopping.  I stayed in the Executive Room, which is the basic room I believe, and I found the size to be quite adequate for a European hotel.  Most importantly for me was the fact that the rooms were extremely clean at all times.  Room service does an excellent job with that.  My only complaint would be that they do pass by a couple of times in the evening to check on the mini bar and to do the turn down bed service.  If you don't want to be disturbed, make sure to put your "do not disturb" sign up.  I had no problem…Read moreDate of stay: November 2016HelpfulShare Response from AlthoffHotelGroup, Manager at Althoff Hotel Am SchlossgartenResponded Nov 22, 2016Dear Debbie B,  I truly appreciate you taking the time to write such detailed and wonderful comments about your stay with us; it will be my pleasure to thank the team for providing such an excellent service to you.  Our hotel is indeed situated in the center of downtown Stuttgart, hence walking distance to the shopping district (the famous Königstrasse), to many cultural highlights and the main train station makes it very easy for our guests to travel to our hotel.  Please let me tell you that our Café on the ground level offers an à la carte breakfast every day from 10 a.m. to 1 p.m., where the prices are lower than the prices for the breakfast buffet.  I am sorry to read that you had some problems with the housekeeping; please allow us to express our sincerest apologies.  At Althoff Hotel am Schlossgarten, one of The Leading Hotels of the World, we continuously strive to meet your needs and expectations; therefore your feedback is very important to us. Please rest assured that we are taking the appropriate measures to address the problem and prevent any future occurrences.  We are looking forward to welcoming you back for your next stay in Stuttgart.  Kindest regards, Ulrich Schwer Managing Director Read more