We are seasoned travelers, visiting Europe from the US probably 2-4 times per year for the last 25 years, and I am still shocked that this is the best Stuttgart has to offer (according to the front desk staff at the hotel anyway). It's actually unbelievable, but short of calling them a liar..... But, this is what we experienced during our stay. We arrived at noon and our suite was not ready.  Let me also say that we arrived from a stay at Brenners Park in Baden Baden so our expectations were VERY high.  ( That's sort of like shopping at Bergdorfs to start and moving on  to a Goodwill/Salvation Army distribution center for those of you not familiar with Brenners Park. Remember the old adage, drink up, not down. Well, you should definitely stay up, not digress, which is an…Read moreDate of stay: November 2016HelpfulShare Response from AlthoffHotelGroup, Manager at Althoff Hotel Am SchlossgartenResponded Nov 22, 2016Dear bpp63,  I am truly disappointed to read about your unsatisfying experiences in our hotel.  Please allow me to express my sincerest apologies for the problems you have encountered.  At Althoff Hotel am Schlossgarten, one of The Leading Hotels of the World, we continuously strive to meet your needs and expectations; therefore your feedback is very important to us. Please rest assured that we are taking the appropriate measures to address the problem and prevent any future occurrences.  Please let me ensure you that the hotel has undergone a complete renovation of all areas including all 106 guest rooms over the past 5 years. We are continously re-renovating areas throughout the hotel and will continue to do so every year.   I am very sorry to not have personally been around during your stay so that I could have adressed your concerns right there and then. But as spoken on the phone I would be happy to welcome you in one of our gastronomical outlets like our John-Cranko-Lounge.   I would like to thank you for your constructive feedback which I will take as an opportunity to continuously improve our service and product.  Please feel free to contact me whenever you need assistance for your next visit in Stuttgart.  Sincerely, Ulrich Schwer Managing DirectorRead more