Pros: -proximity to the train station -free wifi  Cons: - this would have been a great hotel...... in the 70s. Everything is outdated. Everything. - the housekeeping staff does not speak German or English. I speak English fluently and my traveling companion speaks German fluently. We tried a simple sentence in both German and she just gawked at us like we had 3 heads. - front desk staff. Unless you talk to the right person, you don't get the correct answer. When we were checking in, the available front desk person did not say hello, she just stared at us until we said can you help us. - breakfast 'buffet' for €26 per person. It is called a buffet but no one would want to go twice. More like a continental breakfast. -the hotel is located near a very busy strip with many people…Read moreDate of stay: July 2016HelpfulShare Response from AlthoffHotelGroup, Manager at Althoff Hotel Am SchlossgartenResponded Jul 25, 2016Dear Irene K,  Thank you very much for your stay at the Althoff Hotel am Schlossgarten and for taking the time to share your feedback on TripAdvisor. I am really sorry that your experience did not meet your expectations; please allow me to express my sincerest apologies.  At Althoff Hotel am Schlossgarten, one of The Leading Hotels of the World, we continuously strive to meet your needs and expectations; therefore your feedback is very important to us. Please rest assured that we are taking the appropriate measures to address the problem and prevent any future occurrences.  In regards to your other observations, please let me ensure you that the hotel has undergone a complete renovation of all areas including all 106 guest rooms over the past 5 years. We are continously re-renovating areas throughout the hotel and will continue to do so every year.   Please feel free to contact me directly via e-mail (schwer@hotelschlossgarten.com).  I would like to thank you for your constructive feedback which I will take as an opportunity to continuously improve our service and product.  Sincerely, Ulrich Schwer Managing DirectorRead more