Stayed at the Schlossgarten for 3 nights at their Park Suite with 2 extra beds for my kids.  Room smelled of smoke but got used to it after a while and furnishings were a bit dated but overall very clean.  Had 5-course dinner at their Zirbelstube restaurant and indeed it was very good!  Location of the hotel is superb as it's at the beginning of the shopping street.  Few metres from the main train station and a few steps away from the S/U trains.  Execllent for traveling to nearby excursions.  There's also a self-service laundry just beside the hotel which was a huge plus for us.  Would highly recommend this hotel!Read moreDate of stay: June 2016HelpfulShare Response from AlthoffHotelGroup, Manager at Althoff Hotel Am SchlossgartenResponded Jun 13, 2016Dear Jessie T,  Thank you very much for your stay at the Althoff Hotel am Schlossgarten and for taking the time to share your feedback on TripAdvisor. It is wonderful to read that you enjoyed your stay with us. I will be sure to share your comments with my team and thank them for making your stay special.  Our hotel is indeed situated in the center of downtown Stuttgart, hence walking distance to the shopping district (the famous Königstrasse), to many cultural highlights and the main train station makes it very easy for our guests to travel to our hotel.  Our Executive Chef Sebastian Prüßmann takes great pride in serving only the best produce - nice to read that you were able to enjoy your dinner in our Zirbelstube so much.  I am very sorry for the fact that your suite smelled of smoke during your stay. I will pass on your comment to the Executive Housekeeper and he will take care of it.  In regards to your other observations, please let me ensure you that the hotel has undergone a complete renovation of all areas including all 106 guest rooms over the past 5 years. We are continously re-renovating areas throughout the hotel and will continue to do so every year.   We are looking forward to welcoming you back in our hotel in the near future.  Kindest regards, Ulrich Schwer Managing DirectorRead more