The Althoff is a very high quality hotel. Everything is top quality and they have services to assist you in everything, naturally at a cost. It is near shopping, the train station is across the street, plenty of dining options and it's a quick drive to the Porsche and Mercedes museums. It is really a great location and property, hands down. Why didn't I rate it as excellent?  - the room was a bit small, but for more € that is easily fixed with a small suite or other class. Actually, this is a benefit because the small room allowed a lower price and thus my opportunity to stay there. I booked through TripAdvisor which I do recommend.   - the drifters or gypsies or refugees milling just bellow my window in the park concerned me for safety in partaking in a run or walk. This is…Read moreDate of stay: April 2016HelpfulShare Response from AlthoffHotelGroup, Manager at Althoff Hotel Am SchlossgartenResponded Apr 26, 2016Dear jjpuck,  Thank you so much for your stay at the Althoff Hotel am Schlossgarten and for taking the time to write such a detailed and wonderful review of your visit. It made me very proud to read your lovely words; I will be sure to share your comments with my team and thank them for making your stay special.  Our hotel is indeed situated in the center of downtown Stuttgart, hence walking distance to the shopping district (the famous Königstrasse), to many cultural highlights, and the main train station makes it very easy for our guests to travel to our hotel.  You are more than welcome to call our reservations department directly next time to help you with reserving a room which will meet your expectations.   Please let me tell you that our Café on the ground level offers an à la carte breakfast every day from 10 a.m. to 1 p.m., where the prices are lower than the prices for the breakfast buffet.  In regards to your observations concerning the situation in the Schlossgarten park please let me ensure you that I have been in personal contact with city authorities. There have already been several meetings and workgroups with the Mayor's office and other local authorities to adress the issue.  We have seen lots of improvements over the last couple of weeks since the meetings started.  We appreciate the time you took to share your concerns and we are looking forward to welcoming you back again at the Althoff Hotel am Schlossgarten.  Sincerely, Ulrich Schwer Managing Director  Read more