Family of three traveling with our 10 month old son and we are staying here one night only to do our European delivery on the purchase of our car.  Being extremely jet-lagged we popped up at the cafe at 925am at night and patiently waited to be seated.  No one came to us so we asked one of the waitresses if we could sit and she said sure, anywhere is fine.  We then saw her attend to three other parties before waived her down to ask for menus.  Now it’s 935pm and the waitress finally comes over to ask us if we were eating because the kitchen was already closed.  Extremely rude to watch her serve the other guests before us, not bother to bring us menus or acknowledge us at all.  Disappointed in the service and believe this hotel should be dinged stars because of it.  Overall…Read moreDate of stay: July 20191 SaveHelpfulShare Response from AlthoffHotelGroup, Geschäftsführer at Althoff Hotel Am SchlossgartenResponded Jul 12, 2019Dear mllevsf,  Thank you very much for your stay at the Althoff Hotel am Schlossgarten and for taking the time to give us feedback for your visit in our Weinwirtschaft | Weingut Franz Keller. I am truly disappointed to read about your unsatisfying experiences in our restaurant.  Please allow me to express my sincerest apologies for the problems you have encountered.  At Althoff Hotel am Schlossgarten, one of The Leading Hotels of the World, we continuously strive to meet your needs and expectations; therefore your feedback is very important to us. Please rest assured that we are taking the appropriate measures to address the problem and prevent any future occurrences.  I am very sorry to not have personally been around during your stay so that I could have adressed your concerns right there and then. You cann always contact me via e-mail (schwer@hotelschlossgarten.com).  I would like to thank you for your constructive feedback which I will take as an opportunity to continuously improve our service and product.  Sincerely,  Ulrich Schwer General Manager Read more