I had to spend three nights in Stuttgart attending a convention taking place nearby at the university. Almost everything was as you can expect from a 5-star hotel in such a moderate price range. However, my "executive room" was pretty narrow, there was not much space left between the queen-size bed and the suitcase rack, perhaps a problem for "horizontally challenged persons". Fortunately I was on my own, for the clothes of my wife would not have been enough space in the wardrobe. There were no shelves or drawers for underwear etc., just a couple of hangers. WiFi was free and sufficiently fast only if nobody else in the hotel was using it. Even then it was hardly possible to skype. Breakfast was fine, although the buffet was not complete until half an hour after the official…Read moreDate of stay: March 2016HelpfulShare Response from AlthoffHotelGroup, Manager at Althoff Hotel Am SchlossgartenResponded Mar 17, 2016Dear Walter S,  First of all thank you very much for your stay at the Althoff Hotel am Schlossgarten and for taking the time to share your feedback. It is a pleasure to read, that you enjoyed your stay with us and especially the service we offered. I will share your comments with the team, who I am certain will be encouraged by your remarks. As a member of The Leading Hotels of the World, the hotel continuously strives to meet your needs and expectations.  Nevertheless I am very sorry that your experience did not meet your expectations completely; please allow me to express my sincerest apologies. You are more than welcome to call our reservations department directly next time to help you with reserving a room which will meet your expectations.   In regards to your observations concerning our breakfast buffet, please rest assured that we are taking the appropriate measures to address the problem and prevent any future occurrences.  We appreciate the time you took to share your concerns, and it is our hope that you will give us the opportunity to better serve you in the future.  Kindest regards, Ulrich Schwer General Manager Read more