I went to Stuttgart for seeing an old friend and I stayed at this hotel for a weekend. The hotel is definitely centrally and conveniently located, though it was a bit tricky to locate it at first as it was a bit hidden and there was no sign of hotel. Once you arrive Stuttgart Hauptbahnhof, go to underground hall, get out of the exit of Königstraße, then you will see the hotel on the left hand side from the tourist centre corner.   The hotel is rather low-key, though you can definitely tell it's a proper 5-star hotel. I checked in a bit earlier than the check-in time, and the room was ready at once. The first room I had was classy and well-decorated, however, I changed to a smaller room as I wanted a queen bed instead of twin bed.   Overall, both rooms were clean and nicely…Read moreDate of stay: January 2016HelpfulShare Response from AlthoffHotelGroup, Manager at Althoff Hotel Am SchlossgartenResponded Jan 20, 2016Dear Susan Y,  Thank you so much for taking the time to write such a detailed review on your visit to the Althoff Hotel am Schlossgarten. It made me very proud to read your wonderful feedback about the hotel and our gastronomical outlets we offer; I will be sure to share your comments with my team and thank them for making your stay so special.  Our hotel is indeed situated in the center of downtown Stuttgart, hence walking distance to the shopping district (the famous Königstrasse), to many cultural highlights, and the main train station makes it very easy for our guests to travel to our hotel.  In the last years the hotel has undergone a complete renovation of all areas including all 106 guest rooms over the past 5 years. We are continously re-renovating areas throughout the hotel and will continue to do so every year. Please note that you are more than welcome to call our reservations department directly to help you with reserving a room which will meet your expectations at all.  We look forward to welcoming you back for your next stay in Stuttgart.  Sincerely, Ulrich Schwer General ManagerRead more