The service was really fantastic. I arrived with my son after a 20 trip from Singapore. The room was not ready but the reception did all possible to speed this up and offered to call me once ready. I appreciated this especially as we where arriving at noon and it was clear that rooms where only booked from 3pm onwards.  Quality of the bed & bed linnen also very good (as may be expected in a 5* leading hotels of the world).  But to be critical, 5* stands for perfection; the double room was tiny. The bathroom contained a shower that I would expect in an Ibis hotel (small white/plastic wobly shower door). All was ok but not up to expectations. Further as I was pushing my son in a strawler I was surprised that there was no porter; many times I had to struggle to open the door…Read moreDate of stay: July 2015HelpfulShare Response from AlthoffHotelGroup, Manager at Althoff Hotel Am SchlossgartenResponded Sep 14, 2015Dear jvschaik,  I truly appreciate you taking the time to write such wonderful comments about your stay with us; it will be my pleasure to thank the team for providing such an excellent service to you. It is a motivation for all of us to read your wonderful review.  We agree with you and are very proud of our location, on one hand in the middle of the city center and on the other hand directly next to the park.  In the last years we invested a lot in our rooms and in our public areas to offer our guests an highclass service. Please note, that you are more than welcome to call our reservations department directly next time to help you with reserving a room for you, which will meet your expectations.   I am soory to read, that there was nobody in the lobby to help you with your luggage. At Althoff Hotel am Schlossgarten, one of The Leading Hotels of the World, we continuously strive to meet your needs and expectations; therefore your feedback is very important to us.  Please rest assured that we are taking the appropriate measures to address the problem and prevent any future occurrences.  We are looking forward to welcoming you again at the "Althoff Hotel am Schlossgarten".  Sincerely Ulrich Schwer General ManagerRead more