This hotel is one of the worst hotels I ever stayed in. I have gone through the reviews of the guests and I believe they are misleading.Anybody who want to stay in this hotel,please note those points: 1- location: As claimed this is a city hotel and beside the shopping area, not completely accurate . This a train station hotel type at the beginning of the shopping area. Most of the shops are a good walking distance of almost a kilometer away. The hotel is just near a small park where the homeless and drunks utilize as sleeping area ( major security issue ) The hotel have only 1 person as a door man who is responsible for bringing the luggage/car park etc. The hotel entrance is a walkway for people with no barriers .  2- rooms: I had a park suite which in size less than junior…Read moreDate of stay: August 2015HelpfulShare Response from AlthoffHotelGroup, Manager at Althoff Hotel Am SchlossgartenResponded Aug 31, 2015Dear rasheed_albader,  I am truly disappointed to read about your unsatisfying experiences in our hotel.  Please allow me to express my sincerest apologies for the problems you have encountered.  I have been in personal contact with city authorities in regards to the situation in the Schlossgarten park. There have already been several meetings and workgroups with the Mayor's office and other local authorities to adress the issue.  We have seen lots of improvements over the last couple of weeks since the meetings started.  In regards to your other observations, please let me ensure you that the hotel has undergone a complete renovation of all areas including all 106 guest rooms over the past 5 years. We are continously re-renovating areas throughout the hotel and will continue to do so every year.    I am very sorry to not have personally been around during your stay so that I could have adressed your concerns right there and then.  I would like to thank you for your constructive feedback which I will take as an opportunity to continuously improve our service and product.  Sincerely,  Ulrich Schwer General ManagerRead more