We are fans of Leading Hotels of the World and ever since seeing the Althoff Hotel am Schlossgarten in one of the catalogues we wanted to stay there.  Being in contact with the hotel before our stay we were very satisfied how warm, prompt and professional the e-mails were answered. They even sent us the in room dining menu, because it hadn't been available online.  The Althoff Hotel am Schlossgarten dates back from the 1960ies and was opened as a competition to the other Grand Hotel, the Steigenberger Graf Zeppelin.  The Hotel am Schlossgarten has around thirty rooms fewer than the Graf Zeppelin.  The Althoff is located opposite the main train station and allows easy access to the airport, all over Stuttgart and other destinations within Germany and neighboring countries.  The…Read moreDate of stay: April 2015HelpfulShare Response from AlthoffHotelGroup, Manager at Althoff Hotel Am SchlossgartenResponded Jun 16, 2015Dear Flyer007Dublin,  Thank you so much for taking the time to write such a detailed review of your visit at the Althoff Hotel am Schlossgarten. It made me very proud to read your wonderful feedback, which is a motivation for all of us. I will be sure to share your comments with my team and thank them for providing such excellent service to you and for making your stay so special.  Our hotel is indeed situated in the center of downtown Stuttgart, hence walking distance to the shopping district (the famous Königstrasse), many cultural institutions such as the city theatre, the famous ballet and opera house, the city gallery and the new as well as the old castle, and the main train station makes it very easy for our guests to travel to our hotel.  Our Executive Chef takes great pride in serving only the best meat and produce - nice to read that you were able to enjoy his cooking so much.  Thank you again for sharing your experience and for your really good photos of your stay!  We hope to welcome you back in our hotel in the near future.  Kindest regards, Your team at the Althoff Hotel am Schlossgarten.Read more