I have spent 6 days at this hotel while on a business trip to Stuttgart. The hotel is located almost in front of the main train station and it's also very well connected with the subway and local trains. The check-in was smooth. But on other times, I had to wait to be served at the reception, which was served by at the most two staff and sometimes only one. I think there should be one more staff on peak hours. Remarkably, the room was ready although I arrived around noon. This is not common in Europe. The room was rather small but clean and with sober furniture. It was equipped with a larger safe than average, a minibar and some additional drinks on display on a chest of drawers. The good quality flat TV is rather small and required a certain navigation through several menus to…Read moreDate of stay: September 2014HelpfulShare Response from AlthoffHotelGroup, Manager at Althoff Hotel Am SchlossgartenResponded Sep 25, 2014Dear Guggo,  Thank you very much for your stay at the Althoff Hotel am Schlossgarten and for taking the time to share your feedback on TripAdvisor. We are very pleased that you had a good stay in our hotel.  Our hotel is indeed situated in the center of downtown Stuttgart, hence walking distance to the shopping district (the famous Königstrasse) and the main train station makes it very easy for our guests to travel to our hotel.  At Althoff Hotel am Schlossgarten, one of The Leading Hotels of the World, we continuously strive to meet your needs and expectations; therefore your feedback is very important to us.   Please rest assured that we are taking the appropriate measures to address the problem and prevent any future occurrences.  Please let me tell you that our Café Schlossgarten on the ground level offers an à la carte breakfast every day from 10 a.m. to 1 p.m., where the prices are lower than the prices for the breakfast buffet.  We are looking forward to welcoming you back for your next stay in Stuttgart.  Kindest regards, Your team at the Althoff Hotel am SchlossgartenRead more