This hotel is situated just a few hundred yards from the main Railway, S-Bahn U-Bahn station making it ideally situated for getting around the city  The reception is dimly lit - but the staff are very friendly and efficient  My double room was quite small and - having arrived in the middle of a September "heatwave" - was extremely hot and the air conditioning did a very poor job of cooling it down  The room had everything I needed (although the in room safe is too small for an iPad and there is no tea/coffee making facility) - English speakers please be aware that the Internet TV has a very limited number of English speaking channels ... you'd better like watching 24 hour news!  Please note that wi-fi is available in your room ... for an expensive €27 per day!  I'd arrived…Read moreDate of stay: September 2011HelpfulShare Response from hotelschlossgarten, Manager at Althoff Hotel Am SchlossgartenResponded Nov 7, 2011Dear LloydyG,  Thank you for taking the time to tell us about your stay with us. I am sorry that your experience did not meet your expectations fully, please allow me to express my sincerest apologies for your experiences.  When we have refurbished our rooms in the last months, some air conditioning devices have been installed incorrectly. We are about to fix that issue room by room, but this heat wave has surprised everyone of us.  We are about to change the technical conditions to be able to provide a bigger selection of TV channels and hope to be able to show some English speaking entertainment channels soon.  It is a pity we get to know about your internet charge only now. You seem to have “booked” the double flat rate for both, WiFi and PayTV. Please contact us and refer to this reply, we will credit the difference back to your credit card.  We like to thank you for your positive comments for our room service and reception staff, which I have shared with them.  Please be assured that we make all possible dispositions to provide you a better experience when you stay with us the next time.  Sending our best regards,  Werner Braun General ManagerRead more