Typically when arriving at a five star hotel, and the number ONE listed by TRIPADVISOR a doorman or bellman are there to greet the guests, offer assistance with luggage, yadda yadda. Not here. We arrived struggling to get our luggage through a revolving door.   Greeted at the desk by a “receptionist” who didn’t want to see my confirmation number but rather asked what last name I booked under? When provided with MY last name he still asked if that was the name I booked under......brilliant line of questioning.   Our room was small and inadequate. After going back down to the front desk they were able to arrange another room, significantly better.  However after our experience below in the bar we truly didn’t sleep well for three nights. Why, we were fearful of rodents in our bed,…Read moreDate of stay: December 2018HelpfulShare Response from AlthoffHotelGroup, Manager at Althoff Hotel Am SchlossgartenResponded Dec 31, 2018Dear 58travelingirl,  thank you very much for writing your concerns after your most recent stay with us at the Althoff Hotel am Schlossgarten on Medallia through Leading Hotels of the World as well as know on TripAdvisor.  I am happy that you allow me to respond in writing to the incident we are very sorry for.  Me personally have been made aware of your experience in the night after your visit to the bar and have met your husband the following morning. In this conversation I have sincereley apologized for the inconvenience you have experienced during the time of your Arrival as well as during your visit to the bar. I have also explained that we are working with a pest control company and are monitoring and fighting this with all treatments that are allowed in Germany. I can also tell you that we have during 2 nights worked on this situation and have this under control - although you might be shocked,and angry I can tell you that no one of us is proud of this situation. As your husband told me that in New York there are similar problems, the same is here in Stuttgart. For the same reason I have waived your first night charge as well as the bill from the first night`s accommodation. It seemed that after our conversation and my sincere apologies this case was closed. I personally met your husband on the day of your departure and hence despite our apologies as well as our efforts wonder about your comments.  Please be certain that such circumstances are not in our favour either and despite the service gaps with your reservation and the missing doorman who was on duty during that time which I have discussed with our Front Office Manager the same day, we all work to tackle eventual challenges with immediate effect. The same we have done with the what you call rodent infestation. Yes, there were cracks, yes we and the Company we are working with for the pest control needed to learn and evaluate. I also agree that the reaction that you have experienced that evening from our Bar Manager was wrong to present you with the bill. But no, the hotel name has not been changed.  Please be sure that we all feel verry sorry with what you experienced and I am sure that many situations could have been better right from your first step to the hotel but also be sure that we continuosly strive to improve our service as well as ensure that we follow up internally and with our guest. ( as well as with situations with mice ).  On the other hand we will also alert TripAdvisor on your review as somehow we feel you try to harm the hotel as well as the efforts that have been taken to ensure that after that first negative experience you will have a comfortable stay. My full contact details are with your husband should you wish to contact me personally on your stay or should you feel that we have not reacted appropriate in this matter.  I can only wish that you accept my apologies and wish you safe travels!  With kind regards to a happy new year 2019, Michael Braun Hotel Manager Read more