Me and my partner both work in a 5 star hotel in food and beverage so we know how important good service is and it’s the small things that matter ...unfortunately not in this hotel ... After a long shopping day in Stuttgart we decided to enjoy a meal in the bar before heading home .. walking in we got a friendly greeting and were shown to a table next to a wonderful piano player .. we ordered 2 glasses of champagne. Which very strangely they arrived already poured in the glass and the waitress stood at our table and asked where she can put them down!? I would expect this service in a holiday inn airport hotel... so I ordered the ceaser salad with chicken ... the waitress came back twice to ask again what I had ordered !?! So eventually my salad came with no chicken .. I said it…Read moreDate of stay: November 20181 Helpful voteHelpfulShare Response from AlthoffHotelGroup, Manager at Althoff Hotel Am SchlossgartenResponded Nov 17, 2018Dear Globehopper26,  thank you very much for your feedback concerning your most recent visit to our John Cranko Lounge and moreover for taking the time to share it with us. Whilst I am grateful that you allow us to respond on the service gaps you and your partner encountered I firstly would like to sincerely apologize that we were not able to deliver the expected service during your visit! Please rest assured that I have taken the time to discuss your crticism with the entire team of our bar as what we displayed during your visit is for sure not the standard and the qualtiy we are known for!  As mentioned by you that both of you are working in the F&B team of a five star hotel, you might understand that such mistakes might happen and on top the waitress serving you was new in this department and the situation got mixed up. For sure this is not an excuse and the senior staff should have handled this much better to overcome such an unpleasant situation. I can assure you that we as a team work on a daily basis to constantly develop our service excellence.   Amongst colleagues I would really appreciate if you could contact me on braun@hotelschlossgarten so that I might be able to personally apologize and invite you back to our bar one day!  Please be sure that we can do much better!  I look forward hearing from you!  With best regards, Michael Braun Hotel Manager  Read more