2018 saw the 200th anniversary of the Cannstatter Volksfest and it fell to me to arrange travel and accommodation for four adults. I had some specific criteria when selecting a hotel: it had to be centrally located with ease of access to the main train station as well as being within walking distance of the festival site. It had to be reasonably priced yet comfortable with good reviews – we might have been going to Stuttgart for the beer, but we wanted to sleep off our hangovers in relative comfort.   After much searching, the Althoff Hotel Am Schlossgarten was the clear winner. The hotel is situated adjacent to the main train station as well as the main shopping district – some reviews have mentioned an abundance of homeless people in the area but we didn’t see too much…Read moreDate of stay: October 2018HelpfulShare Response from AlthoffHotelGroup, Manager at Althoff Hotel Am SchlossgartenResponded Oct 27, 2018Dear Steve A, thank you very much for your review on TripAdvisor and for taking the time to share such a comprehensive feedback regarding your most recent stay with us at the Althoff Hotel am Schlossgarten! I would like to thank you for your kind words towards our team and the overall Quality of your stay with us during the Canstatter Volksfest.  Please be sure that we hear your critical words concerning the temperature in the room - it is correct that especially when temperature is changing which it was during your stay with very warm daytime and below 15 degrees at night we are at times facing challenges on top of that 2 units were broken which have just been replaced last week. Please accept my sincere apologies for this shortfall in comfort! You might be right that the building is not lavish from the outside which is due to the fact that this whole area was build in the late 50s / early 60s - nonetheless we have over the past years renovated, refurbished and upgraded a lot in the rooms, the public areas as well as our bathrooms but unfortunately due to space issues cannot provide a bath tub in all rooms. This however does not affect the 5* rating and yet many other 5* Hotels in Europe are facing similar challenges when it comes to the available space. Although the mentioned complimentary minibar is definitly an option for many hotels, due to the guest mix and mainly business travelers mid-week and leisure on weekends for us this is not feasible as anyhow this would reflect in a higher room rate in such a competitive market which is more price than benefit-driven. Please be certain that we are constantly reviewing our business practices, the product we offer and ensure to be aligned with the international 5* rating - as well we will do so in future as we have already several new upgrades planned for the coming months. We all hope that you will allow us another opportunity to convince you from our hotel and remain your first choice for the next years Volkfest!  We are all looking forward to welcome you and your friends back to the Althoff Hotel am Schlossgarten!  With best regards, Michael Braun Hotel ManagerRead more