While I can see how some people might think my take on this being unfair I am rating this hotel based on the expectations and promises the phrase ‚world leading hotels‘ implies.  We decided to stay a few days in Stuttgart on out way to Italy. We arrived December 23rd and left 27th. So you can see what problems I could hit staying somewhere during the Christmas holidays. Though picking a 5 star hotel I was not thinking I would have to ask for basic services in advance. The hotel offered gourmet style dinner menus throughout the holidays which is great. Though there was no mention anywhere beforehand that there virtually was no other food source available. Having a 17 month old toddler with us 6 course gourmet menus are a no go. The bar food was very slow (one evening we waited 45…Read moreDate of stay: December 2017HelpfulShare Response from AlthoffHotelGroup, Manager at Althoff Hotel Am SchlossgartenResponded Jan 8, 2018Dear Rinaldo A,  Thank you for your stay at the Althoff Hotel am Schlossgarten and for taking the time to share your feedback. I am really sorry that your experience did not meet your expectations; please allow me to express my sincerest apologies.  At Althoff Hotel am Schlossgarten, one of The Leading Hotels of the World, we continuously strive to meet your needs and expectations; therefore your feedback is very important to us. Please rest assured that we are taking the appropriate measures to address the problem and prevent any future occurrences.  Please note that during Christmas there is a high demand in all our restaurants. That's why all outlets are fully booked a few weeks in advance. Also at weekends there is a high demand in our restaurants, so I would suggest to book a table at time next time you visit our hotel.  I am really sorry to read that we did not have any eggs during your visit. I will talk about this with our Executive Chef - something like this should never happen in a hotel like ours.  We appreciate the time you took to share your concerns, and it is our hope that you will give us the opportunity to better serve you in the future.  Sincerely Ulrich Schwer Managing DirectorRead more