For a supposed 5 star hotel, we had a horrible time here. This was the most expensive hotel we stayed at during our 12 day tour of Germany, and it was our worst experience. The hotel is in the middle of a construction area, which made it a little tricky to find. The parking is quite nearby, but there are no signs showing where it is, requiring us to go inside to get directions. The elevator from the parking garage did not take us inside the hotel, but rather to the side street, forcing us to carry all our luggage around the construction to get inside the hotel. Staff spoke English well, but did not seem interested in spending time answering questions about the surrounding area, simply providing us a city map. It was easy to get from the hotel to the Christmas Market and the…Read moreDate of stay: December 2017HelpfulShare Response from AlthoffHotelGroup, Manager at Althoff Hotel Am SchlossgartenResponded Jan 10, 2018Dear Lee G, Thank you for your stay at the Althoff Hotel am Schlossgarten and for taking the time to share your feedback. I am really sorry that we did not meet your expectations; please allow me to express my sincerest apologies!  At Althoff Hotel am Schlossgarten, one of The Leading Hotels of the World, we continuously strive to meet your needs and expectations; therefore your feedback is very important to us. Please rest assured that we are taking the appropriate measures to address the problem and prevent any future occurrences.  Due to our central location opposite of the main train station it is not always possible to avoid the typical noice of a big city; especially due to the big contruction works of the new main tain station the road management changes nearly every two weeks.  Our guests have access from the parking garage directly to the lobby with two elevators - just follow the appropriate signs. Please note that there are also other elevators which are not part of our hotel.  Please let me tell you that we are offering a pillow menu with an assortment of various pillows you could choose for them to bring you to the room (like a shaped foam neck pillow, hypoallergenic or horsehair-stuffed pillow, to name a few) - just call our housekeeping or reception team.  I am really sorry for the inconveniences with your bill. But as you booked and payed via an online travel agency, it is not allowed to issue an invoice over the room rate. It was a mistake at check out to charge your credit card with the amount of EUR 15. After receiving your e-mail we immediatly credited your credit card on 12th of December. Again I am really sorry for this mistake!  Should you have further questions concerning this matter, please do not hesitate to contact us.  We appreciate the time you took to share your concerns, and it is our hope that you will give us the opportunity to better serve you in the future.  Kindest regards, Ulrich Schwer Managing DirectorRead more