TLDR: Great hotel, everything you could want from a 5* establishment, and we would highly recommend.   Located in a quieter part of Venice, the Grand Hotel dei Dogi was a gorgeous base from which to explore this beautiful city. The streets and areas around the Hotel feel like you are experiencing a more genuine, non-touristy Venice, whilst the city is small enough that everything (incl all attractions) remain easily within reach.   The hotel itself is stunning and exactly what we wanted (old school Venice luxury). They upgraded us to a room with a view, a nice touch and we were left stunned by the sunset view of the canal from our windows. The room itself (Premier) was large with high ceilings and a lovely bathroom. Shower pressure good, Acqua Di Parma toiletries a lovely addition and the robes and slippers perfectly sumptuous.   The Garden was the true stand out for us; supposedly the largest private garden in Venice, it really is beautiful, with its walled exteriors, little caves and paths and bridges, all leading down to a jetty overlooking the surrounding islands. A wonderful way to spend your time if you can and a beautiful little addition. Of course, getting engaged on that jetty probably makes us a little biased!!   Breakfast was good (particularly under the current COVID circumstances and the lack of buffet) and the server very attentive; coffee magnificent and the omelette very good.   Service overall in the hotel was top notch and exactly what you would expect from a 5* hotel, with the cleanliness and quality of all the Hotel areas up to scratch.   Our only slight gripe is how expensive the Hotel bar was (€18 for a cocktail is expensive but manageable, but €14+ for an Aperol Spritz is ludicrous when it is €4 round the corner in wine bars). There are however enough great wine bars near not to worry about having to drink here.   Overall, could not recommend highly enough, especially when you compare the value for money here against other 5* hotels in Venice; whilst they may be located closer to attractions the city is so gorgeous to walk around in and small enough that this is not necessarily a positive, and certainly does not outweigh the cost increase. A lovely time spent here and would go back again. …