My family and I stayed here for a friends' wedding. I will start with the positives; it was comfortable, close to the city centre, lovely bar food and a very good selection at breakfast (although some items that were supposed to be hot were cold). However this hotel is NOT suitable for Families with small children. We needed a cot for my 9months old and bed for my 2 year old. With both of these in the room (an executive chic), there was barely any space. The cots are horrendous and very uncomfortable! They also have a large glass ball which suspends from the ceiling as a bedside lamp. Within 10mins, my son accidentally knocked it slightly, it swung into the wall and smashed. I was expecting to have to pay, however 200euros for a bedside lamp is extreme!! While expecting a…Read moreDate of stay: May 2017HelpfulShare Response from MarcoJokusch, Front Office Manager at Le Meridien StuttgartResponded Jun 6, 2017Dear Laura K,  first of all i want to thank you for sharing your comments on TripAdvisor and for staying at Le Meridien Stuttgart. Thank you very much for the positive comments, however i have also noticed your comments concerning the lamp and the rooms. I can understand, that with an extra bed and a cot, there is barely any space in the room. Unfortunately, there are no bigger rooms than the Executive Chic rooms.  The next step up would be a Junior Suite. Maybe that would be a possibility for any next stay. When the Chic-Rooms were designed, they have chosen this special free-hanging lamp as it fits perfectly in the room interior. The cost for this bed side lamp is way more than 200€. I know, that's a lot of money for a bed lamp , but If you want to forward it to your insurance company, we can provide you with a separate invoice for that. If you need any paperwork please get in touch with me directly.  Concerning your passport, i only can apologize for the wrong information.  I was glad, that you and i checked the rooms and finally you found your passport under the bed.  As the room was not occupied the days before, the Housekeeping forgot to check the room after we replaced the bulp. But that should be not excuse.  They just haven't seen it. I'm very sorry for that and have also forwarded your comments to the housekeeping department. Unfortunately, i cannot undo what happened, but if your plans will bring you to Stuttgart, i'll be glad to assist you.  Best Regards from Stuttgart  Marco Jokusch Front Office Manager Marco.jokusch@lemeridienstuttgart.com Read more