There is a construction site outside the window of the front Neckar rooms. It is noisy and persistent -  work started at 7 am.   Add to that four lanes of traffic that face the hotel. Pedestrian access through a building site.  I asked on check out how they felt they could justify selling the rooms without any concession or discount. Polite shrug and no action.  If you can live with that, well it's an OK if not faceless business hotel. But on no account book a room that faces the building works if you want to rest up and catch some sleep during the day. Sure, it's not the hotel's fault that the inner city is being rent asunder by the rail works, but, please, some concession to your customers would be appreciated.Read moreDate of stay: May 20171 Helpful voteHelpfulShare Response from Verena_Kirchenbauer, Manager at Le Meridien StuttgartResponded May 17, 2017Dear Simon C.,  thank you for your recent stay with us!  I am saddened to learn that your stay was not as you were expecting. Yes, the city of Stuttgart is currently building a new main station, therefore all across the city you will find construction sites. This huge infrastructure project – it is called “Stuttgart21” and actually one of the largest in Europe – has caused controversial discussions and was finally approved by the people of the state in a public vote in 2011. We as a hotel of course are not super happy but at the end have to deal with the situation and do the best with it. Therefore for instance all windows which are facing the street were renewed prior to the works. They definitely benefit, as other TripAdvisor readers say:   Catherine, April 2017: Don't be discouraged by the exterior and the construction across the road. The rooms and facilities are great and our room faced the road however we weren't inconvenienced at all by the construction works.  DJBSFO, October 2016: I had a room facing the main street and the entrance and the 2 in windows did the trip. No sound !  Jackie W, September 2016: the hotel is so well insulated that no sound was heard from all the construction work  We are also in touch with the city of Stuttgart to make sure that the inconveniences are as little as possible. Also, if you feel you would like to move to a different room please do not hesitate to contact the Front Desk, we will try our very best to find the room which suits best to you. Dear Simon C., once again thank you for staying with Le Méridien Stuttgart. We would be happy to welcome you back and would appreciate if you get in touch with us directly, should you visit Stuttgart again.  Kind regards,  Verena Kirchenbauer Assistant Front Office ManagerRead more