I am a frequent traveler, both for business and leisure purposes. Le Meridien in Stuttgart was my worst ever experience in my entire life!!! I was simply robbed by the reception staff, and I will explain everything in details below.  In October, I was on a business trip, representing my huge multinational company, holding important negotiations with one of the major German companies present in Stuttgart. I had an extremely busy schedule and stayed at Le Meridien in Stuttgart for 4 nights, with the daily rate of 305 Euros, including breakfast.  Since I was leaving Stuttgart in the evening of 8th of October, I had asked at the reception the previous evening, whether I could have a late check-out. I was told that until 2 pm it would be free of charge, and then for any additional…Read moreDate of stay: October 20162 Helpful votesHelpfulShare Response from Verena_Kirchenbauer, Leiter Front Office at Le Meridien StuttgartResponded Dec 26, 2016Dear Mr. GeorgeGongli,  Thank you for your recent stay in Stuttgart.  Your review does not really state what really happened when you checked out on October 8. Therefore I am happy to reply and also clarify to other TripAdvisor readers.  It is correct that you have requested a late check out on that Saturday. This Saturday we were fully booked, since it was the last weekend of the “Cannstatter Volksfest”, the beerfest which attracts millions of visitors. We granted the late check out, however you were informed that the charges are 15€/ per hour after 2pm and that a full charge of a daily rate applies after 6pm. By the time you checked out you were informed that the charge applies, since it was after 6pm. At 6pm Housekeeping finishes’ their shifts, meaning they would need to stay extra when one checks out after that. Also, cleaning a used room without any daylight is tough, therefore the full charge applies since this room will not be sold that night.   At Le Méridien Stuttgart we want to make all of our guests as enjoyable stay. We for sure would have found a solution in your case as well, however with you becoming very rude and unfriendly to our staff members, including using language, you need to understand that is crossing a point where we will not try and assist any longer.  Best regards, Stefan Hummel Front Office ManagerRead more