Probably a great hotel in the 1980s but now looking very worn out and needing a complete renovation. Staff pleasant and attentive.  But wifi of poor quality in the room even though you have to pay for the wifi. The deluxe room only has a shower and no bath, with the bath tiles on the floor the same slippy tiles used on walls (not the now standard non slip floor tiles) with a large step down from the shower: I slipped and fell full length on the tiled floor. Bar no charm, with a few chairs, a view onto a dual carriageway and a building site and a very limited bar meals selection (room service is larger and still no great) We arrived with large cases but no porter present to help with door opening etc...Its not a 5 star in service quality nor selection and I find it impossible to…Read moreDate of stay: January 2016HelpfulShare Response from Verena_Kirchenbauer, Leiter Gästebetreuung at Le Meridien StuttgartResponded Jan 23, 2016Dear GuvSisteron,  thank you very much for your recent stay with us and also for your comment on Tripadvisor.  We also noticed that our rooms need a refurbishment so we started in summer 2015 to renovate our “Executive” rooms on the 4th floor. This year we will continue with two other floors. Our “Deluxe” rooms are facing the quiet court and all rooms have a shower. The rooms of the “Superior” category are facing the park and all of them are having a bathtub. I do apologize for the inconveniences because of the slippery floor. I forwarded your note to our company technician to work on a solution for that. Our bar food menu is limited as we do have two restaurants in the Hotel and also 24 hours room service. If you have any suggestions for dishes you would like us to add please do not hesitate to tell me or my colleagues. Guest feedback is really important for us to improve the guest satisfaction. Please accept my apologies for the absence of the porter. Our head concierge is informed to sensitize his associates.  Dear GuvSisteron, I would be glad to welcome you back to convince you of our five star services. Please take me as your personal contact in-house whenever your plans will lead you to Stuttgart again.  Verena Kirchenbauer Guest Relation Manager Verena.Kirchenbauer@lemeridien.comRead more