The location is good, close to main train station and main shopping street (about 10 minutes walk, not very very close). There is no good view, just a street and construction machines. Staff is really helpful and great, this is the only 5 star rating for this hotel for me. They do not have available room at 13:00 and I have to wait 2 hours at the lobby for a room. Rooms are big, bathroom is big, nothing special at the room. only the basic needs. Carpets are very very dirty, in the rooms, in the corridors every where. must be renovated. Bed mattresses are very bad, the worst thing at this hotel. breakfast is adequate, not a huge selection of cheeses or cold cuts, it can be better. Overall a 3+ hotel for me. Can stay there for a business trip i can find a room below 100 euros.…Read moreDate of stay: December 2015HelpfulShare Response from Verena_Kirchenbauer, Leiter Gästebetreuung at Le Meridien StuttgartResponded Dec 23, 2015Dear ekobarlas,  thank you for your comment on Tripadvisor.  You are right, the view to the park at the moment is not the best but we also offer rooms facing the quiet garden side. We offer a guaranteed check-in time at 3 pm. Especially at the weekends the guest are leaving late. Although our Housekeeping is working really fast, sometimes we cannot offer rooms earlier. However you can store your luggage with us and our Concierge is happy to help with a city map and suggestions what to see in Stuttgart until the room is ready. Your note about the carpets I will forward to our Executive Housekeeper to review but I can assure you that we clean them frequently. We just renovated our 4th floor and step by step we will also refurbish the other floors. With this renovation the mattresses also will be changed. For breakfast we do have a huge range of different things like fresh scrambled eggs, salads, sausages, salmon and so on. I will remit your comment to our Head chef to see if we can add a wider choice of cheese and cold cuts.  Thank you very much for the positive compliment on our staff. We hope to welcome you back whenever you visit Stuttgart again.  Have a wonderful Christmas time.  Warm regards,  Verena Kirchenbauer Guest Relation Manager Read more