Came back from a weekend break staying here, first time staying at this end of the city and it was great. Easy to get to the main train station and a short walk into the town with all the restaurants and bars. Absolutely fab location. On arrival at the hotel I thought that we would be too early to check in at we had an early flight from London, but it was great, we checked straight in at 10:30 am into our room.  The rooms, are clean and comfortable with complimentary water which is a great touch. the bathroom was large and had a good shower over a large bath, there's a plug (for your straighteners ) and a hairdryer in the draw. There's a music system in there so you can listen to what is on the TV whilst in there. The room has an ironing board, two large wardrobes, a safe, mini…Read moreDate of stay: August 2015HelpfulShare Response from Verena_Kirchenbauer, Leiter Gästebetreuung at Le Meridien StuttgartResponded Sep 2, 2015Dear Louise_Deuchars,  thank you very much for this positive review.  I am happy to read that you had an excellent stay with us. If we do have the possibility we try to accommodate our guests earlier than the normal check-in time at 3 pm. Unfortunately we cannot guarantee an early check-in but the team is doing their best to have rooms ready when needed. I can understand that after a long journey you just want to have a shower, a nap or you just want to change your clothes before exploring the city.   Thank you for your compliment on our breakfast. In my opinion it is the most important meal of the day. If you had a great breakfast you can start your day right. :)  In Germany it is normal to go naked into the sauna or steam room. You can also wrap your towel around you and go in like that. Just for hygienic reasons you should not wear any clothes and sit on you towel.  You are right, coffee facilities we just have in our Executive rooms on the 4th floor and in our Suites. That is why we offer this complimentary coffee voucher for all of our guests. It is also no problem to bring two cups and a kettle to your room to make tea. Next time just let the Front Desk know and we will bring it up to your room.  Our Wi-Fi is complimentary in the Lobby and also in your room if you make your booking directly over us via phone or our homepage. Also if you are a member of our loyalty program “Starwood Preferred Guest” you can use your SPG App.  Louise, thank you again for these great comments about our Hotel, the rooms and the staff. I will forward this positive statement to all of my colleagues.   I hope whenever you will be visiting Stuttgart again, you will stay with us.  Have a safe journey back home.  Kind regards,  Verena Kirchenbauer Guest Relation ManagerRead more