Stayed in Le Meridien in August 2015. Booked two rooms. Have included both positive and negative comments about the hotel to at least try and be fair to them!   Arrived at 11 am and was told that the rooms would be ready by 1 pm...they could not check if the room was ready as it was being cleaned and the system was down (so couldnt check if any other room was available).   Was surprised to find that they couldnt even give us one room to freshen up given that we were coming from Munich and we had left Munich @ 7.30 am.  While I understand that the hotel policy is to give rooms as and when available, what ticked me off was the lack of effort on the part of the hotel staff "sorry...no room available...our system is down". Wasn't there any other way to check?  Wanted to prepay for…Read moreDate of stay: August 2015HelpfulShare Response from MarcoJokusch, Leiter Front Office at Le Meridien StuttgartResponded Aug 23, 2015Dear traveljunkie991,  first of all I would like to thank you for having chosen the Le Meridien Stuttgart for your recent visit to Stuttgart as well as for having taken out time of your busy schedule to complete this survey on tripadvisor.  Your observations and suggestions are of utmost importance to us in our continuous journey to improve our product and service standards.  However, it is with great regret to learn that you did not appreciate your stay from a number of aspects, especially since your comment clearly states that the level of service offered by our team didn’t meet your valued expectations. We had a system update on the day your arrived, which started at mid-night and was scheduled for 13hours.  We were running a 100% occupancy the day before, so we could not offer you any room at that time. Concerning the pre-payment, it's difficult to act without a running system, but i do agree, we should find another way of handling, and again, please accept my sincere apologies for all trouble caused.  I regret that we seemed not to have been able to meet all your expectations during your recent stay and I can therefore only thank you for your patronage and honest comments.  Since july, we renew the 4th floor, and by mid-september, we will have 60 new rooms and suites available, and after this conversion is done, the other floors are gradually rebuilt.  I hope we will have the honour to welcome you back to the Le Meridien Stuttgart Hotel, so you can enjoy our renovated and new designed rooms.  Yours sincerely,  Marco Jokusch Asst. Front Office ManagerRead more