I had written a pretty detailed review but when I went to preview my review, it blanked out my review!  Rather perturbed at the TA system so going to keep it short.  The location of the Le Meridien is a bit off the beaten track and is right next to a very busy thoroughfare, the b14.  Didn't realize that until we pulled in from our drive from Munich. The structure is extremely close to the road which doesn't leave much ingress and egress for a facility of this size.  It made things a bit hectic in trying to get matters situated before checking in.  Although a SPG Platinum member, there were no upgrades as the hotel was quite full.  Got an upper floor room but it was on the street side where the road noise was quite discernible.  The room was of good size but felt a bit worn and…Read moreDate of stay: September 2013HelpfulShare Response from SabrinaHubert, Leiter Gästebetreuung at Le Meridien StuttgartResponded Jan 14, 2014Dear “KamikawaSan“  Thank you for posting your review on Tripadvisor again.  We are delight to read that you were very happy with the service received by our associates and that you quoted our breakfast as superb. Please accept your apologize that during the golf Tournament we were not able to upgrade your room as such a loyal Starwood Preferred Platinum guest. Due to high occupancy, there was no possibility. As the Schlossgarten across the hotel is part of a railway and urban development project called “Stuttgart 21“a small part of the Schlossgarten is currently under construction. This fantastic project is the biggest infrastructure project in Europe and will change the current station into an underground station over the next couple of years. We would like to point out the construction is not affecting the security in the Schlossgarten, but we do understand that you were concerned because the area is not well lit. If you wish further informations please follow http://www.bahnprojekt-stuttgart-ulm.de/en/permanent/english/  Dear “KamikawaSan“, please be assured that we fully appreciate the points you have raised. We are aware that your opinion of our service has been affected and can only hope that in time, our continued care and service will help in restoring any faith which may have been lost.  Kind regards,  Sabrina Hubert Guest Relation ManagerRead more