Arrived at hotel around 1000 - so room not being ready was fine. Afternoon returned & check in desk very busy. Finally got our room - disappointed when I opened the door, I think it was a corner room. It was overlooking the main road and sound proofing was inadequate, carpet had crumbs all over. Went down to front desk staff. Was told ALL superior rms are overlooking main road so will be noisy.As Hotel running full they cannot upgrade me unless I pay 25Euros - which I did. Newly assigned room MUCH better there is no view, so it's quiet.  Needed the concierge, but was told that he was on his break, but then another staff came over to assist. Evening, there's a protest going on outside the hotel, receptionist tells us to walk up to the roundabout to get a taxi. We failed = no…Read moreDate of stay: October 2013HelpfulShare Response from SabrinaHubert, Leiter Gästebetreuung at Le Meridien StuttgartResponded Nov 5, 2013Dear “ho_sik“  Thank you for your feedback in relation to your recent stay with us. We hope you had a delightful trip back to Hong Kong and enjoyed your overall stay in Stuttgart.  Regrettably, we had to read that you were not satisfied with your stay at Le Meridien Stuttgart. As we explained in the email sent to you after your departure the demonstration was not claimed in advance so the taxi pick up had to be reorganized. Some taxis appeared at the front gate to pick up guests as the taxi company couldn`t reach all drivers on time.  We would be delighted if you take our apology for the dissatisfaction with the booked Superior room. Our superior rooms are our standard category; these are similar to the deluxe rooms. The main difference between the categories is the view; the deluxe rooms offer a nice view to the back of the hotel.  We are glad to hear that you enjoyed your breakfast. We have forwarded your feedback to our Restaurant Manager and our Executive Chef, which was much appreciated.  Dear “ho_sik“, besides, we hope that we will get the chance to welcome you to Le meridian in Stuttgart again. The entire team is more than delighted to make your next stay more enjoyable and show you that we are still able to meet your expectations.  Yours Sincerely,  Sabrina Hubert Guest Relation ManagerRead more