Look up Stuttgart 21. That is a new train station being built across this hotel. You cannot walk to the hotel because the street corners by the traffic light are blocked and there is no sidewalk. You have to cross through a park, go up several stairs and cross a bridge, go down stairs and then you're in front of the hotel. To go back, do the same then go up several floors of steep ramps that take you through a tunneal to the train station. You then need to get out of the station. Imagine doing this with luggage.  One day there was a demonstration in the park with a lot of people shouting. Not a good place to be at, but there was no other way. We tried several times to take a taxi and the drivers refused because they said we could walk there. We had to insist, even with luggage.…Read moreDate of stay: May 20191 Helpful voteHelpfulShare Response from LeMeridien_Stuttgart, Leiter Front Office at Le Meridien StuttgartResponded May 31, 2019Dear TravelLovers2,  thank you for sharing your experience with others here on Tripadvisor! The Stuttgart21 project has been around now for quite some time and is a big project throughout the entire city of Stuttgart. Unfortunately we can only do some to minimize the impact to the travelers to Stuttgart and are happy to assist with any questions and queries. Also, please find on our web site an updated suggestion on how to reach the hotel.   I am very sorry to read that there were also some troubles with the taxis. Since we are in touch with the cities Taxi agency we will forward your impressions as your description is not what we do understand as a welcoming gesture to visitors of the city.  In the morning many guests to order taxis themselves, therefore it could be that you see taxis in front of the hotel, however as they are booked by guests directly they are not available to waiting guests, unfortunately.  I cannot revise your experience I am afraid, butr rest assure that we are looking into your mentioned points and will discuss internaly and also externaly with the city and the Taxi agency what can be done to improve the experiene of our visitors.  Hopefully we are able to welcome you back to another visit and restore your faith in our hotel and in the city of Stuttgart.  Best regards,  Stefan Hummel Front Office Manager Read more