We stayed one Saturday night and were quite disappointed with the stay. The hotel is a grim looking building on a busy road. Despite requesting a quiet room we were first offered a road overlooking the road next to the lift that pinged every time it reached the floor. Given that we have been platinum members for 8 years this is really pretty appalling service. The second room we were offered was much quieter. The bed was very comfortable and the room had good light from the large window/door. The shower took over 4 minutes to even get to a temperature that was comfortable to get into in. (I know this because my electric toothbrush has a timer and I had plenty of time to brush my teeth whilst waiting)  Annoyingly on the Sunday morning we were woken by the hotel emergency alarm…Read moreDate of stay: September 2013HelpfulShare Response from SabrinaHubert, Leiter Gästebetreuung at Le Meridien StuttgartResponded Sep 24, 2013Dear “Swisswifey“  Thank you very much for your last stay with us and for taking the time to share your feedback here on Tripadvisor.  We are glad that you have enjoyed our comfortable beds and that you recommend our hotel to other travelers.  The fire alarm and partial evacuation order on Sunday morning was caused by a guest cigarette which was thrown in the bin inside the room. The fire brigade was quickly on property and did handle the situation. Our associates have taken care of our guests either over the phone or directly,  other associates did take care of the guests which have been evacuated through the emergency exit.    We are sorry that in communicating with some of our guests the information about the alarm reached them only when returning to the hotel latest by departure. As it was a single smoke detector we had not to evacuate the whole hotel and we kept our business running to avoid needless panic.    We are sorry that this later caused to some degree delays during the breakfast service in the restaurant which was unfortunate,  most importantly at all times the safety of our guests was assured.  Dear Mr. “Swisswifey“, thank you again for your recommendation and we do hope to welcome you back soon.  Warm regards,  Sabrina Hubert Guest Relation ManagerRead more