Le Meridien Stuttgart is a good hotel, right in town, but it has lost some of its winning edge over the area competition.  In 2007, ! spent several weeks at the hotel then returned in July 2013 for a week stay.  Since 2007, the hotel has eliminated its club/executive room--though it was small--it was a welcome part of the hotel, now gone.  The breakfast is overpriced from 2007, though it is very good.  The hotel is also showing its age.  I stayed in the exact same type of room in 2007 and 2013, and the hotel is showing its age, with worn carpets and furniture--needs and update.  Anyway, still a good choice for Stuttgart.  The spa and pool are still excellent.  The service is first rate and the location is convenient to the train station and downtown.Read moreDate of stay: July 2013HelpfulShare Response from SabrinaHubert, Leiter Gästebetreuung at Le Meridien StuttgartResponded Aug 30, 2013Dear “BatureGermany“  thank you very much for taking the time to share your experience at Le Meridien Stuttgart on Tripadvisor.  We appreciate all the feedback provided and we value your response. Thank you very much for your loyalty. We are glad that you had a good time in our Le Spa and that you ranked our service as first rate. We are conscious that the hotel facilities do need continuos attention. As a new welcome part of the hotel we have created our new business center a place to connect with family and friends, we also added an ATM. Over the years we have opened one new restaurants “le Medoc” and the “Wulle Staffel” a beer bar. At present we do renovate our Le Cassoulet Restaurant after having done so with our Lillet Bar which you certainly remember, now featuring Video Art.  Please be assured that we will continue to keep up the Hotel in good state and shape and are continuously working on providing the same high standard to our guests as in 2007.  Dear “BatureGermany“, we hope to welcome you back soon to Le Meridien Stuttgart to provide you with a great stay.  Warm regards  Sabrina Hubert Guest Relation ManagerRead more