Prior to my arrival at the Meridien Stuttgart, I had a lot of high expectation for this property after all it's Le Meridien. The check in was fine. The room looked good; it had all you will need. It was clean. About half an hour into our time in the room, we started hearing some noise which we believed came from the Air Condition whenever it comes on. The noise wasn't there all the time, only when the AC is working but it was hard to sleep like that. Moreover, our toilet had trouble flushing.  In terms of location, we chose this hotel mainly because it was near the main train station. The thing is you need to walk across the park to get there. And if you happento be a female traveler arrving by train at night, walking across the park is probably not the best idea.  To end on a…Read moreDate of stay: October 2011HelpfulShare Response from Selim_Mokni, Leiter Gästebetreuung at Le Meridien StuttgartResponded Oct 26, 2011Dear „Asatis“,  We would like to thank you for taking the time sharing your experiences about your stay in the Le Meridien Stuttgart at TripadVisor.  Your feedback is important information for us that helps us to better understand our guests and how we can can improve our services for the good of our guests.  We are thankful for the compliments about our room service, which we already forwarded, and that you were satisfied with your room. We are sorry to hear that you had trouble with the  air condition and the toilet flush in your room. Our guest service center and the front-office staff is available all the time in order to assist and help. Please do not hesitate to contact them, a technician might be able to help or the front-office can assist with a room move in case a quick solution is not possible.  We very much understand your comments in regards to the Park, demonstrators of all kind actually camp in parts of the park to protest against the planed project of building  a new train station. However they are peaceful and the park is absolutely innocuous. And still you might feel uneasy about  a park at night.  It is possible to walk along the streets and not to cross the Park. We will in the future indicate an alternative route to our guests, thank you for having given us your feedback on this point.  Dear “Asatis”, we would love to prove you that we can fulfill your high expectations and looking forward to welcome you back at Stuttgart as soon as possible.  Best regards,  Selim Mokni Guest RelationsRead more