I am very surprised by the positive reviews written about this hotel.  The room was nice, but certainly not worth the price. We could not open the window because the traffic was so loud. The hotel was not in a convenient location, the food was extremely expensive (25 Euros per person for breakfast)!!!  They have some nerve charging for internet (14 Euros per day). Room service messed up our order every day, the staff was inconsistent, and our meal in the restaurant was deplorable.  My steak was too tough to cut with a steak knife, I wouldn't  couldn't  eat it and "they" were annoyed, can you imagine!!  Don't bother staying here unless you have an expense account and don't mind being ripped off. There are many other places to stay.Read moreDate of stay: August 2011HelpfulShare Response from janemelde, Leiter Front Office at Le Meridien StuttgartResponded Aug 9, 2011Dear jerseegirl,  Thank you very much for the review of your stay with us.  I am sorry to hear that you did not enjoy the trip as you were expecting.  Our rooms are located either facing the courtyard (Deluxe Category) or facing the front (Superior Category) of the hotel.  Regardless of room category, all windows are soundproof. If you prefer sleeping with an open window, the Deluxe Category would have best suited your needs.  We also have rate plans which include breakfast and internet, so please do let our reservation department know what you are looking for and I am sure we will be able to accommodate you.  Also, we are flexible in handling requests on site.  Just contact the Front Desk or the Manager on Duty whenever a problem arises, so we can assist you right away.   I would also like to express my sincerest apologies for the inconveniences you had to experience with our room service and restaurant. I would love to get more details.  Kindly get in touch with me at stefan.hummel@lemeridien.com.  Once again thank you for your review.   Kind regards from Stuttgart, Stefan Hummel Asst. Front Office ManagerRead more