Front desk staff very friendly, welcoming  and helpful. Concierge a little perfunctory, especially with  walking directions to train station and downtown restaurants. Bed hard and AC not able to be controlled especially at night.. The toilet has a most peculiar arrangement for flushing.  Bar food very good and a good alternative to the restaurant which looked good but only fine dining available and therefore had  accompanying high prices.  Walking access to downtown shopping and restaurants not easy:  especially at night....... one must traverse a park filled with camping protesters who i understand have been there for more than a year. Once  one understands that a taxi is advisable for going to Stuttgart restaurants, then just do it. Overall, hotel is good however.Read moreDate of stay: February 2011HelpfulShare Response from Guest_Relations_LF, Guest Relations at Le Meridien StuttgartResponded Mar 7, 2011Dear jillybundanoon;  Thank you very much for choosing the Le Méridien Stuttgart on your most recent stay in Germany.  We are very pleased to hear that you have enjoyed your stay with us and noticed your positive comments. We will forward your good word especially to the Front desk staff.  It is our aim at the Le Méridien Stuttgart to exceed our guests’ expectations and we are pleased that we had the opportunity to do so.  Feedback from our visitors is important and enables us to enhance our ability to provide our guests with excellent service. We would like to apologize for your inconvenience about the technician defects. In this case we would appreciate if you could give us a call so we have the opportunity to fix the defects.  Please be assured that we will double check with our Concierge about the service.   The campers you mentioned in the park are protesting against the demolition of the main station. Of course you have the opportunity to take a taxi from the station, which is about 5€ per ride.  Jillybundanoon: thank you again for sharing your impressions with us. It was a pleasure for us to have you as our guest in the hotel.  I hope you had a safe trip back home and I look forward to having the opportunity to welcome you back in Stuttgart in the near future.    Kind regards  Guest RelationsRead more