Having the top rating in Stuttgart with tripadvisor, we had very high expectations of the hotel.  We read all the glowing over the top reviews posted and thought this hotel would be one of the best we have stayed.    So, let's begin.  The hotel is centrally situated near the main station on a 6 lane thoroughfare.  It sits across this very busy street from the Schlossgarten, the city park.  There are no less than 4 cranes constructing a building across the street that when complete will obscure and already are obsuring the views of at least half the rooms that view the street.  When we checked in as Platinum SPG, the staff said how sorry they were that the hotel was sold out and there would be no suite upgrade as per our Platinum status.  Note to the hotel staff:  If you make a…Read moreDate of stay: June 20101 Helpful voteHelpfulShare Responded Jul 7, 2010Dear PDXStocks,  Following your recent stay in our hotel we would like to thank you for sharing your impressions with us.  Every guest comment is important to us, it is with your information, suggestions and ideas that we are able to identify areas where there are opportunities for improvement.  The hotel is centrally located and in the middle of town, to the right side of our building used to be older buildings which are now replaced by an office building which is currently under construction. Construction work is going on during the days but stops in the evening and on Sunday. I agree that it is certainly not much of a view however we are in a city center location with a lot of buildings nearby. Our rooms offer the highest noise isolation possible and our Front Desk staff will help to offer guestrooms on the garden side.  The month of June is one of the busiest months in the year and the hotel has been fully or almost fully booked frequently especially midweek. I am sorry that none of our 10 Suites were available for up-grade the day you arrived at the hotel.  I apologize for the fact that as an SPG Platinum guest you had to ask for the Executive Club Privileges, this is part of the SPG benefits you should automatically enjoy as a Platinum member.  Also, I am sorry that the lounge amenities and the food offered was not what you expected. We will take your feed back to see how we can improve the services offered.   Our guest rooms offer radio and clock through the television I am sorry that we do not offer a separate radio or clock. While we have a variety of 39 TV programs from all over the world, CNN unfortunately is not yet available.  We have made a note of it to see if CNN is something we can include in the future.   The further comments you have made regarding your stay and the service with us have been an opportunity for us to take them up with the departments concerned.  Please accept my apologies that housekeeping did not provide the expected services.   Dear PDXStocks, thank you again for sharing your impressions with us. We are looking forward to welcome you back in Stuttgart and have taken good note of the valuable feed-back you gave us.  Best personal regardsRead more