We stayed five nights at Le Meridien in Stuttgart in Apr/May 2010.  Though we've stayed at other hotels in Stuttgart solely for convenience, this is supposed to be one of the best - we decided to try it.  During our stay there was a construction site in the park across B14 (the major road in front of hotel).  I assume it was related to major construction beginning "Stuttgart 21" that will disrupt the downtown area for quite some time.  Not much a a view now.  Anyway, with the windows closed, the traffic, light and construction noise is minimal.  We like to sleep cool and the air conditioning isn't strong, so we did open the window for some fresh air-only did that once.  Lots of positives:   - hotel has quality appearance and style - spa (swimming pool and hot tub) are very…Read moreDate of stay: May 2010HelpfulShare Response from Guest_Relations_LF, Guest Relations at Le Meridien StuttgartResponded May 17, 2010Dear Marchelaw:  Further to your stay we would like to thank you for sharing your impressions with us.  Every guest comment is important to us, it is only with your advice, suggestions and ideas we are able to focus on areas where improvements are needed.  We are pleased to hear that you have enjoyed your stay with us and noticed your positive comments which we have forwarded to our members of staff.  At the beginning of 2010 we reduced the internet charges about 10 % and received a lot of positive comments from our guests. Please be assuring that we forwarded your comment to our Management.  The parking fee in Stuttgart and the other close 5 star hotels are all the same. We would like to apologize for the inconveniences you experienced. Feel free to use our Valet service the next time. Le Méridien Stuttgart offers different rate plans, according to your preferences. For example, business guest can book a rateplan which includes internet and minibar, if you visit us on a personal trip we can offer you rates which include spa treatments and parking. But of course we also offer just a stay without any additional extras. Please do not hesitate to contact our in house reservations, we are happy to assist you finding the rate which is best for you.   Regarding the breakfast buffet we do offer special high quality food from all over the world. If you prefer a smaller breakfast you have the choice to order room service till 12pm where you have the opinion to choose from the menu.   The bridge in front of the hotel is not part of the hotel, it belongs to the city of Stuttgart. For that and for security reasons, we cannot offer our guests direct access to the bridge from the 2nd or 3rd floor. But the bridge is easily accessible through a stair just outside the lobby. The bridge is connecting to the Schlossgarden, from there ir is easy for pedestrians to walk to the city center.   Dear Marchelaw, thank you again for sharing your impressions with us. We are looking forward to welcome you soon back in Stuttgart.   Kind regards  Guest RelationsRead more