So to put the good up front - the hot tub here is excellent.  And the garage is nice and spacious.  But aside from that I'd stay somewhere else.  Basically this hotel looks like it was new and fresh in the mid-90's but that nothing's been done to it since except the standard addition of a flat screen TV.  Everything else is quite dated.  Internet access - a disaster - wired only, no wireless!  I haven't seen that in a hotel in 4-5 years.  At least they provided the cable in the room.  19 Euros for 24 hours.  Location - worse than I expected.  It's next to a park yes, but a four lane road separates you from the park (traffic) and frankly it's not really walking distance to anything unless you're a powerwalker.  It's just not a good location.  No convenient access to any of the U…Read moreDate of stay: April 2010HelpfulShare Response from Guest_Relations_LF, Guest Relations at Le Meridien StuttgartResponded May 17, 2010Dear SeasonedTrvlr:  Thank you very much for your rating at Tripadvisor. We really appreciate your feedback. I am sorry that you had some inconveniences during your stay, however some changes are on the way.  We are currently working on wifi access throughout the hotel, and expect it to have wireless internet service by the end of the year. Meanwhile, we offer HSIA in all of our rooms plus wifi access in the lobby and restaurant/bar area for a fee.  You also mentioned the distances to the hotel. Le Méridien Stuttgart is conveniently located, just about 10 minutes walking distance from the mainstation. The closest subway stop (U-Bahn) is “Staatsgalerie”, about 150m away from the hotel. The subways U1, U2, U4, U9, U11 and U14 do stop there frequently. The Schlossgarten itself is a favourite place to relax for all inhabitants and visitors of Stuttgart. Esp. the beergarden just across from the hotel is a place to go while staying with.   Our pool has a temperature of 27°C, which is a standard temperature for swimming, and is controlled regularly by our staff in the Spa. For relaxing I would recommend the whirlpool, which has a temperature of 38°C.  Dear Seasoned Trvlr, if you have further any questions please do not hesitate to contact me. I am happy to assist you!  Kind regards  Guest RelationsRead more