The Meridien in Stuttgart has everything to be a really nice hotel: clean, modern and well-appointed rooms, generally friendly staff, great central location. But they somehow managed to make a recent visit to Stuttgart into one of the worst hotel experiences we’ve ever had. We were part of a group of 12 visitors at the hotel to celebrate a relative’s 89th birthday. We brought our dog along, as the hotel advertises itself as pet friendly. And in fact, there was a dog bowl and blanket in the room, a nice touch. But much to our surprise, dogs are not allowed in the dining room or breakfast area, which makes the pet-friendliness quite a bit less helpful. We found a half-solution by taking our breakfast into the adjacent bar area, separately from the rest of the group. The relative…Read moreDate of stay: January 2019HelpfulShare Response from LM_Stuttgart, Leiter Front Office at Le Meridien StuttgartResponded Jan 16, 2019Dear John F,  thank you for your recent stay as well as providing feedback through this platform. As always it would be nice to hear feedback while you are still with us, since we then are able to quickly fix things. Like for instance the parking you paid. It looks like as if you have used the machine instead of using an "in and out ticket" and therefore ended up paying more then you should have. Feel free to reach out to our accounting department to get that corrected. Parking charges are very normal and nothing which is hidden. Kindly go ahead and google "Le Meridien Stuttgart" and "Parking" - you will be directly to our Marriott site which displays the charge (look under "maps").   We knew about your parties dinner plans on that Friday night and our F&B Manager was in touch with you prior to your arrival. You were informed that our Le Medoc restaurant is not wheelchair accesible and also denied to use our Lillet instead, which we recommended for your group and which is accesible. Therefore I am very sad to read that even after our recommendation you now describe it as a surprise to you, which was simply not the case. I hope you still had a nice birthday party. Having the cake in our Lillet the day after would have been no problem, the 4 € per person is like the corkage fee which applies whenever you bring a bottle of wine to a restaurant.   Dogs are welcome in our hotel and as you mentioned will be provided with some amenities to make their stay as enjoyable as possible. In our resturants however many guests feel uncomfortable or even scared when they dine next to an animal. That is why we ask our guests traveling with dogs to either leave them in the room or provide the alternative to eat in our Lillet.   I am sorry to read that there were some issues with air control in your room. Given that in January the heating is more important then the cooling you can only lower the room to a certain degree. Feel free to contact the Front Desk so we can look into this more detailed.  Dear John F, it was not our intention to give you the feeling that you got screwed. As I said, it would have been nice to discuss that while you were still in the hotel to give you an explanation.   Best regards,  Stefan Hummel Rooms Division ManagerRead more