I’m the ambassador member with Marriot Bonvey membership. So far this is the worst hotel I have ever stayed in.  First of all, such a dry weather in euro, there is only one bottle of water provided per day, I tried to request one more bottle, they told me it’s chargeable, that ridiculous and not acceptable for being treated like that being a Marriot member.   Secondly, during my check in, the checkin staff read out my room number loudly, this is a basic privacy issue that a hotel is not suppose to expose someone’s room number. The staffs need to be re-trained seriously!!!   The doors were changing into keyless in the middle of my stay. I was not informed before I left the hotel, i had to walk back to the counter to re-activate the key after I was blocked by the door.  all in…Read moreDate of stay: January 2020HelpfulShare Response from LM_Stuttgart, Leiter Front Office at Le Meridien StuttgartResponded Jan 23, 2020Dear pilotonvacation,  first of all thank you for being a loyal member to Marriott!  We were pleased to had you staying with us.  Yes, all our Elite members do receive one bottle of water complimentary per day. I think that is very fair and an appreciation of your loyalty as well. Additional bottles are indeed charged per consumption.   As I was with you when you and your group has arrived to the hotel, I can assure that no room numbers were spoken out. This would be indeed a serious breach of privacy and all the staff is aware of that situation and do follow this important standard.  Also, upon check in you and your group - as all other guests of the hotel - were provided with information about the change of the doorlocks. Also, there was information at the Elevators to avoid the situation to run back and forth to your room just to find out that the door lock has changed.   Nevertheless I do hope you enjoyed Stuttgart and had a good time in the Chinese Restaurant we did recommend to your group, as you still had some hours until your departure.  Kind regards,  Stefan Hummel Le Méridien Stuttgart  Read more