The hotel's design is appealing and the rooms are well designed as expected in five star city hotels in Germany. However, the breakfast was disappointing.  It is the kind of breakfast that takes you back to the 1950's with a selection of herring and salted fish and artery blocking sausages that hardly anyone with any common sense eats these days, industrial corn flakes and cereals, industrial maple syrup and nuttela to go with the tasteless pancakes and a variety of cheese that are not chilled hence are a magnet for flying insects that feast on them. The fried potatoes were oily and extremely salty and the cappuccino was bad (as is often the case in Germany). You can squeeze your own juice and they even provide fresh ginger but the quality of the fruits on offer is low,…Read moreDate of stay: October 2018HelpfulShare Response from LM_Stuttgart, Leiter Front Office at Le Meridien StuttgartResponded Nov 2, 2018Dear guest "Not Your B",  we thank you for your visit at Le Méridien Stuttgart! Thank you as well for sharing your thoughts with othere travellers here on Tripadvisor. As a hotel we do host all kind of cultures and guests from all over the world, which makes our job wonderful. Therefore we do offer quite a variety of food in our restaurants and bars, some classics and also regional products. The same is for the breakfast, you may enjoy some classics like the English breakfast - which I agree is not light - or fish, but we also offer plenty of other choices from which a guest may choose from. Several bread products from a bakery a few minutes away, our home made marmelade, honey from our own bee hive, all kind of joghurts, home made Bircher Müesli and fresh fruits (which for sure is not low grade) and so on.   We do appreciate your feedback though since we are always happy to receive the guests point of view as well and we will share this with our chef to have a look into our offer.   All the best, and we hope to welcome you back whenever your travel plans are leading you back to Stuttgart!  Stefan Hummel Le Méridien Stuttgart Read more