Booked the hotel late and apparently there was a convention going on in town. So I ended up paying a steep price, not worth the charge if you ask me.  The lobby, bar and breakfast room are very 1970e and simply terrible. Decoration, gold, mirrors…..yuk.  Room was a wait as I showed up before 2…and they made me wait. Then finally got a room, booked a king and gave me twin. Went back to lobby, got some annoyed comment like they were doing me a favour……please!  The room was totally different then the impression in the lobby and clearly these were redone at some point. They were nice, not big but sufficient. and all you needed was there. The AC was not cold enough but bear in mind that it was well over 30 degree and thats not very usual in Germany. But I am sure they limited it for…Read moreDate of stay: June 2018HelpfulShare Response from rWallenborn, Guest Relations Manager at Le Meridien StuttgartResponded Oct 12, 2018Dear Guest “Roger S”,  Thank you very much for your recent stay at Le Méridien Stuttgart. Thank you as well for taking the time to share your feedback with us.  I absolutely agree with you the style is a matter of taste. I’m very sorry that we have not met your taste. Half of our  rooms are redone in the last years and it’s planned to restyle the lobby area as well as the other public areas.  We are trying to regard all special request like the bed types but by an early check in it is much difficult to make everything possible. But I’m happy to hear that we finally found a solution together.  Our cooling system  is designed for central European weather and can’t be compared to the AC you are used to have in areas where’s a higher average temperature like in the US or in the middle east area. Rest assured, that we do not limit it for any reasons, but in this summer we experienced some very high temperatures which are not usual for Stuttgart and the area. I do apologize, that due to the high temperatures, your night was not as relaxing as it should be.   Unfortunately, I cannot undo what happened and what you experienced and I am sorry, that we could not offer this special “german edge” you’re talking about but I’ll be happy if you decide again for Le Meridien Stuttgart and we can welcome you again. Please feel free to contact me and I’ll be happy to assist.  Best Regards  Ricky Stefan Wallenborn Manger assistant in charge of Guest Relations Read more