We only stayed in this awful place for one night....thank goodness.  We had upgraded to a "superior double” and the room was only just large enough to swing the proverbial cat around 4.5 metres by 5 metres or thereabouts!  It was dark and dismal with the noisiest air-conditioning that I have ever experienced.  It was an interior light well view with another room around two metres from our window…privacy none!  The bathroom, although well-equipped had a cracked basin in a five star hotel I don’t think so.  To cap everything the fruit at breakfast was tinned I could not believe it with fresh fruit being abundant in Europe in the summer I can only put this down to penny pinching.  Never again, there are many more better hotels in Venice avoid it like the plague.Read moreDate of stay: July 2015HelpfulShare Response from BauerHotels, Direttore at Bauer PalazzoResponded Aug 8, 2015Dear Guests,   Reading your review I have the impression that you didn’t stay at the Hotel Bauer Il Palazzo because you write about “an awful place” and if you read all the reviews Bauer Il Palazzo is defined: STUNNING, AMAZING, EXCELLENT, LUXURIOUS, THE BEST HOTEL IN VENICE, FABULOUS, MAGICAL, FANTASTIC, IDEAL, SPECTACULAR, GREAT, BEAUTIFUL, WONDERFUL, SUPER, UNIQUE….etc….etc…. If you got the impression of being in a dark room with problems concerning the A/C or the bathroom you should have informed us contacting the reception or the manager on duty and we were going to check immediately and find the best solution for you.  You write about tinned fruit and we don’t have at all this kind of fruit for breakfast at the restaurant “Settimo Cielo” on the seventh floor with its highest terrace in Venice with a spectacular view on St. Mark and all the lagoon, exclusively reserved for the Bauer Il Palazzo’s guests for breakfast. Where you find many delicious things prepared by our chefs and you find fresh fruit: pineapples, watermelon, kiwis, strawberries and so on.  If you would like to further discuss your concerns, please feel free to contact me at adimaso@bauervenezia.com.   Best Regards,  Andrea Di Maso – Resident ManagerRead more