Like the reviewer below, we booked the Bauer Hotel and didn't realise we would be staying in a separate building, the Bauer Casa Nova. Our booking and the hotel website didn't make it clear what the Casa Nova is.  On arrival we were told we would be staying in the Casa Nova, which is an anonymous building down an alleyway running alongside the Hotel. The Casa Nova is not special at all, this is not a luxury hideaway more upmarket than the Hotel. It is dark and uninviting and the alleyway is littered with cigarette butts (some due to hotel staff smoking there). There are no staff to greet you. There isn't even any signage the doorway indicating that it is connected with the Bauer. I would worry about the security as the door to the Casa Nova doesn't close automatically. One day…Read moreDate of stay: June 2015HelpfulShare Response from BauerHotels, Direttore at Bauer PalazzoResponded Jul 30, 2015Dear Guests,   we would like to thank you for taking the time to share your comments on your stay.   The Bauers Group has 5 properties in Venice: The Bauer Hotel, The Bauer Il Palazzo, The Bauer Palladio Hotel and Spa, the Villa F and the Casa Nova. I’ve been inquiring about your reservation and you made a reservation at the Casa Nova Hotel and not at the Bauer Hotel.  Casa Nova (as mentioned on the websites) is a townhouse. It is a building next to the Bauer Hotel and the check in and the check out, breakfast, porterage and other services are provided by the Bauer Hotel. The telephones in all rooms are connected with the Bauer Hotel and all its departments and all the Casa Nova’s guests are escorted to the room upon check in and our staff explains all the services and shows them during the escorting.   Concerning the door at the entrance of the Casa Nova it closes automatically but we also  have some closed circuit videocameras, the staff working and supervisors checking the building all day to guarantee the best security.   We receive very good comments about Casa Nova which is loved by the guests for its location and for being a house with its elegant Venetian style.  Please do not hesitate  to contact me if you need at the following email address: adimaso@bauervenezia.com, I’m at your complete disposal.   Yours sincerely Andrea Di Maso – Resident ManagerRead more