Spent 3 days at the hotel. Booked 3 months in advance using American Express. I made a special request for a room with a view and a balcony, and that I also wanted an upgrade upon arrival (as is part of the AMEX program). I had AMEX call and remind them of this twice, the last time coming one week before my arrival.   A few hours before my arrival, I checked the hotel's availability and saw that they had 1 room available at the level above what I had booked, 6 in the level above that and the presidential suite. (I'm not kidding, the website literally tells you the number of each level of room that is available). Upon checking in, I asked if there was a room upgrade as is part of the AMEX program. The gentleman at reception smiled and said "No, sorry, the whole hotel is…Read moreDate of stay: July 2015HelpfulShare Response from BauerHotels, Direttore at Bauer PalazzoResponded Aug 5, 2015Dear Guest,   we thank you for taking the time and express your comments about your stay at the Bauer Il Palazzo Hotel and I’m glad you appreciated the beauty of our hotel and its services (above all our terrace on the seventh floor named “Il Settimo Cielo”, exclusively reserved for the Bauer Il Palazzo’s guests for breakfast. This is the highest terrace in Venice with a spectacular view on St. Mark and all the lagoon).  I’ve been inquiring about your reservation and you made it through AMEX program and I remind you that the room upgrade is upon availability to a superior category from the one you booked.  Upon your arrival the hotel was fully booked and we proposed you an Executive View Suite which is a superior category compared to the one you booked (Junior Suite Deluxe) but you preferred to keep the category you booked for, that’s why the receptionist , who has been working for many years with us, he is a very helpful and professional person checked if there were other categories available and the 6 rooms you mention are our 3 Presidential Suite, our 2 Royal Suites and the Executive view suite that you saw but you didn’t like.  If you would like to further discuss your concerns, please feel free to contact me at adimaso@bauervenezia.com  We look forward to welcoming you back on your next visit to Venice.  Yours sincerely  Andrea Di Maso – Resident ManagerRead more