Before I go into the review, I hope your reading Tripadvisor before your booking.   For those of us who reside in the USA, many are prone to book hotels through third party sites like Hotwire.com, Hotels.com, Priceline.com, Expedia.com, and etc. Be very careful on the offer and the price. I'll explain why below.   For us, we booked through Hotwire.com. Specifically through a feature of the site "Hot Specials." This means that Hotwire offers you a special price (i.e $300 / $400) and gives you a "hint" of which hotel you will get. The special that we saw was in the $300 range and the hint was "last 3 people booked got Bauer Hotel". Our quick glance was that the hotel was 5 stars. We check the pictures on their website and it was very luxurious. Location was prime. So, what did we…Read moreDate of stay: July 2015HelpfulShare Response from BauerHotels, Direttore generale at Bauer PalazzoResponded Jul 25, 2015Dear Guest,  We thank you for taking the time to share your experience on TripAdvisor, being in charge of the operations I would have appreciated to meet you at the Hotel in order to listen and speak with you and provide you with answers.   As you maybe experienced, Venice is an extraordinary city built on 118 small islands connected by bridges: the great part of the buildings are separated by narrow streets called “Calle” which are typical of the city and each one is unique (might be perceived as “small back door alleyway”): unless someone have the privilege to have a private pier on the water, the only way to access the majority of private Houses, Hotels and Restaurants is through the Calle.  Casa Nova (as referenced in other websites that you did not list), mention clearly that the category “Casa Nova room” is located in a Townhouse and is an annex of the Bauer Hotel. All services from the check in to the check-out, breakfast, porter service and others are provided by the Hotel. During the check in we always proceed with an orientation of the Group (we have 4 Properties in Venice) to give the possibility to all our valued guests to be familiar with the different venues of the Hotels. In rooms telephones are connected with the main departments at the team is always at your disposal. I’m sorry that you did not find a bellman standing, presumably for a luggage pick up or other I would have asked concierge to arrange the service via phone. Casa Nova is usually much appreciated by most of the people and loves its location and its interior design which is aligned with the typical Venetian buildings; business wise Casa Nova is pretty much occupied every day.  Our staff is present at the Casa Nova and continuously checked by our Supervisors, in addition a certain number of CCTV are in place to guarantee the Security of the place and of course of our guests.  Dear Guest, I’m sorry that you experience the Wi-Fi was not working: I did investigate and I can report that during your stay we faced slowdown in a short period of the day due the high number of devices connected, at the present stage is running well.  Referring to the elevators, one of the 2 elevators available at Casa Nova was not running just for 1 day for ordinary maintenance, which is part of normal operation to be done in order to guarantee the full functioning and the safety of the guests. The other was fully operational.  Thank you for mention the interest in having a coffee machine and a kettle, will be registered for sure as a preference. Is indeed something that is not stated in the list of amenities, we will take the advice for future implementation.  I had the possibility to check the correspondence between you and our employee before your arrival: permit me to say that I cannot find any bad attitude towards you, on the other hand you have been explain to refer to your Travel Agent or Online Travel Agent in order to modify the booking following your request to move to the Hotel part: the Hotel does not have the right to change any reservation made by third parties. I positively noticed in your correspondence that you appreciate the service rendered until that moment.  The Bauers provides umbrellas to our guests, especially in public areas to be easily accessible, please accept our apologies for that and rest assured that I’ll check the reason why was not available at that time.  We are terribly sorry for the inconvenience you had during one morning at breakfast, we do not have excuse in this case and we took immediately action and identified what happened in order to avoid similar situation again; you have met our F&B Manager and you have been reassured about our practice and procedures in order to maintain the quality of the food for all our outlets. We do have internal auditing in order to check that all procedures are followed, our food is freshly prepared, we do have a reputation to maintain and we are doing the utmost to keep it and that is why The BAUER’s are known since many years.   Dear Guest, we regret that your experience was not up to your expectation, as you mentioned we received very good feedback from other valued guests from all over the world most likely because the Online Travel Agents utilized were specifying properly the information of Casa Nova and because their expectation were aligned with the product they bought. As mentioned, we are following up on this case in order to prevent that other guests will receive full information.   On the other hand, permit me to say that are available different ranges of 5* and luxurious Hotels, in this case in Venice, within different ranges of prices and interior design that’s why our booking department is always available in order to provide all information about our properties and ready to propose the right product to the right customer: I normally recommend to everyone to choose the proper channel to process bookings in order not to have regret afterwards.  Please do not hesitate to contact me at the Hotel for any further information you might need.   Best regards Piero Magrino Operation Manager at The BAUER's HotelsRead more