First, let me say that this hotel is perfectly situated on the grand canal and just a 2 min walk from St Marks palace.  A private water taxi can be hired to/from the airport which will take you literally, to the hotel lobby.  The amenities are what you would expect from a 5 Star hotel. Fully stocked minibar, marble baths, 2 headed shower, jacuzzi, turn down service, etc.   My issue here is and why I did not give this place a 5, is because the staff in the hotel are not on the same page.  Some adhere to a consumer delight culture where they do their utmost to be friendly and helpful.  Others are very aloof, some even arrogant to the point where they are communication an elitist attitude.  The management needs to root these bad apples out of their ranks for this hotel to truly be…Read moreDate of stay: July 2015HelpfulShare Response from BauerHotels, Direttore at Bauer PalazzoResponded Jul 14, 2015Dear Guests,   we thank you for taking the time to tell us about your stay at Bauer Hotel.  I am sorry that your experience did not meet your expectations; please allow me to express my sincerest apologies.  At Bauer Hotel, one of The Leading Hotels of the World, we continuously strive to meet guests' needs and expectations; therefore your feedback is very important to us.  More specifically, we have noted that you were unsatisfied with the following: attitude of our concierge staff. Please rest assured that it is our intention to take the appropriate measures to address the problem you highlighted in order to prevent any future occurrences. In this respect, I have held a meeting with the heads of department involved for better supervision and training in the above area.  We appreciate the time you took to share your concerns, and it is our hope that you will give us the opportunity to better serve you in the future.  Should the occasion arise, it will be my pleasure to make special arrangements which would assure you and your family an entirely satisfactory stay.   If you would like to further discuss your concerns, please feel free to contact me at adimaso@bauervenezia.com   Yours sincerely, Andrea Di Maso – Resident ManagerRead more