Our room was a delusion. We booked a superior in this 5 star hotel in a landmark Venetian palace overlooking the Canal Grande on the front, and a secondary canal on the side. We were given room 462. This room has one window on a cavity, from which you don't get neither air nor light. Lamps in the room probably had cheap energy-saving bulbs, as the overall light was terrible. Internet in the room did not work. Staff was very supportive and added an additional router, but could not solve the problem. We complained about the room, but management deemed it a fair superior room! Internet is a weak point for the hotel as you can find a wifi signal only if you are lucky, depending where you are seated whether in the lobby, in the bar or at the restaurant. Internet is very slow also for…Read moreDate of stay: March 2019HelpfulShare Response from BauerPalazzo, Responsabile relazioni con la clientela at Bauer PalazzoResponded Apr 1, 2019Dear FM616,  We would like to thank you for taking the time to review your recent stay at the Bauer Palazzo, and we regret reading that not all the aspects of your stay completely met your expectations, as previously discussed upon your departure.  Most of our Superior rooms enjoy the silence provided by an inner court and are individually decorated and furnished with a mix of art deco and Venetian design, italian marble bathrooms with bathtubs and handle showers and heated towel-rails. Making reference to your detailed feedback, after you addressed your concerns regarding your room during your stay, our staff proposed different accommodations for you to completely enjoy your stay, including a Superior room oriented on the charming side canal.  On another note, we are delighted to read that you appreciated most of the other aspects of your experience, including our privileged location, the kind service provided by our Front Desk and Concierge team and the breath-taking view from our terraces.   BAUER is an emblem of excellence through its history. Its guests from all over the world, as members of a prestigious family, can enjoy exclusive privileges able to make them live the authentic Venetian lifestyle, taking a unique living experience away with them. We hope that we will have the privilege to welcoming you back to Venice to restore your feelings towards our property, and to make sure your next stay will be nothing but perfect.  Kind Regards,  Martina Carlon Guest Relations CoordinatorRead more