We stayed at the Bauer Casa Nova for a week or so at the beginning of October.  I booked a holiday package via an airline and was offered a booking at "The Bauer Hotel" where the room was described as "Casa Nova - Continental Plan".  I briefly checked-out the Bauer online to read a few reviews and to find out where it was located.  Everything looked fine, so I booked the package that I'd been offered.  We had a great time in Venice, and the hotel was absolutely fine - I would be happy to stay there again.  However, it turned out that our room was in what is effectively a different building just round the corner from The Bauer Hotel.  This didn't bother us at all, but I can understand why some people might be disappointed if they first read all about The Bauer, make a booking on…Read moreDate of stay: October 2014HelpfulShare Response from BauerHotels, Direttore at Bauer PalazzoResponded Nov 9, 2014Dear Guest,  Thank you for addressing this issue which is most important in today’s world when more and more people purchase their holiday on the internet, without the expert advice of a Travel Agent. A hotel’s room inventory is generally sold directly to the consumer or, in many cases, through intermediaries such as Travel Agents and wholesalers who – in turn – sell the hotel to the final client. Our business has contracts in place regulating this sale: we demand that all of our properties be accurately described with relevant information and photography. When this does not happen – such as in your case – we have the authority to terminate our agreement. In this situation you should contact your travel agent immediately and demand that terms of sale be respected. Another word of advice: when next making a hotel reservation call or write to the hotel, asking information on the type of room booked. This said, not only do we appreciate your feedback and constructive comments but we will use them as a stepping stone to better our guests’ experience. We hope to have the pleasure of your return visit in the future. Should this be the case, please do not hesitate to contact me directly. Yours very sincerely,  Pietro Rusconi Resident ManagerRead more