We arrived by night on a water taxi and sped through the Grand Canal, this was such an awesome sight. Everywhere we looked there were historical imposing buildings. The architectural wonders were just awe inspiring. The hotel location is ideal, right on the Grand Canal with wide sweeping views of the grand city. We had a 6th Floor corner suite with spacious, ornately decorated accommodation, although a bit dated and rough around the edges. The hotel is split in two, Ill Palazzo and The Bauer. The Bauer is in the Art Deco style , whereas the Ill Palazzo is more in the Baroque palatial style. The two hotels are connected and one entrance opens onto the canal and the other onto Campo San Moise and straight onto streets with high end luxury boutiques. I can imagine that once the…Read moreDate of stay: August 2014HelpfulShare Response from BauerHotels, Direttore at Bauer PalazzoResponded Sep 10, 2014Dear Guest, Thank you for your review. I appreciate your comments regarding your stay at the Bauer IL PALAZZO.  It is always a pleasure to receive guests’ feedback, as it allows both to improve our standards and to encourage or reward our staff. I am sorry to note that you felt the staff ‘polite but aloof’ and that the décor was not to the expected level. Your comments will be a stepping stone towards our commitment to excellence.  Regarding your remarks on Venice, it is our goal to create a sustainable and qualified tourism. Our mission is to allow guests to experience Venice ‘as a Venetian’ in a unique and enticing way. We believe, in fact, that the soul of Venice lies beyond its most famous piazzas into its windy streets and alleys where guest should get lost and delight in the true colors of La Serenissima – away from the tourist crowds. We hope you will have the opportunity to return some day in the future as it will be my pleasure to put together a special programme which would allow you to savor the city in a more authentic way. Thank you again for sharing your experience, and we look forward to serving you in the future.  Pietro Rusconi Resident ManagerRead more