I had been to Venice three times before this trip but staying at Bauer Palazzo made my stay that much better! We were lucky enough to get a room that looked over the Grand Canal which was amazing and the hotel amenities and service was the best I've experienced in Venice!   There is a terrace (Canal Bar) where you can drink a bottle of wine and watch the sun go down. It's easy to waste several hours here as it doesn't get much better, anywhere you go in Venice.   The only fault I could pick would be that the terrace on the 7th floor (highest terrace in Venice) is advertised as "reserved for guests only", but is actually reserved for VIP guests only. This terrace was a large reason we booked this hotel, as it boasts the hotel feature on the website, but we were informed that we…Read moreDate of stay: November 2018HelpfulShare Response from BauerPalazzo, Responsabile relazioni con la clientela at Bauer PalazzoResponded Dec 4, 2018Dear tmwillard,  We would like to thank you for taking the time to review your experience at Bauer Palazzo.  Our entire Team is delighted to hear that you enjoyed most of the moments of your stay, our caring assistance and the privileged location.  We want to let you know that it was a real pleasure for us to be able to provide you with an attentive service you may remember as memorable. We are always very attentive to the special requests of our guests and we try daily to improve our service according to every personal need of our valued clients.  As mentioned, you have reserved one of our nice Superior Suites. Unfortunately it is not one of the categories which include the Settimo Cielo facility. Nonetheless, we would like to let you know that we take your reflections into very high consideration.  We are truly looking forward to welcoming you back on the occasion of a future trip to Venice. We will be extremely pleased to be able to provide you with the access to the spaces that unfortunately you have not been able to visit. Should you require any additional clarification, please do not hesitate to contact us at our direct e-mail address: guestrelation@bauervenezia.it  Meanwhile please accept our Warmest Regards,  Blerina Pilkati  Guest Relations Read more