Stayed here during the Venice Carnival and below is my review for this hotel.??  I initially booked this hotel via Booking.com and decided to booked via Agoda.  The hotel described here is under Bauer Palazzo but upon arrival from Bauer Palazzo I was told that this is under Bauer Casanova.  First of all, the reviews from here and the other website are mixed,I got an e-mail to confirm the room but Agoda customer service is in the Philippines who has no clear idea of the hotel itself in general, they advised me to find out upon arrival in the hotel what room  they will give as they can’t give any details of the exact type of the room, whether double or twin room.(btw,the double bed are 2 single bed connected to each other).  I used the Agoda website to ask something about the…Read moreDate of stay: February 20202 Helpful votesHelpfulShare Response from BauerPalazzo, Responsabile relazioni pubbliche at Bauer PalazzoResponded Feb 28, 2020Dear romf777,  We would like to thank you for having shared your opinion with us.  We regret acknowledging that your experience at Bauer  has not met our expectation.  Following your remarks, we would like at first to thank you for the words of appreciation addressed towards our Team Members, especially our Housekeeping, Concierge and Front Desk Staff. It was truly a pleasure to provide you with high standard service, so that you could constantly feel at the center of our attention.   Regarding the issue occurred at the beginning of your stay, we would like to just shortly comment that Casa Nova is our annex building, actually the newest part of our accommodation, fully belonging to Bauer Palazzo. We would like to underline that staying at Casa Nova allows the guests to take advantage of the same facilities and services offered at the more ancient building, as for instance breakfast at our De Pisis Restaurant and 24 hours Front Desk, and that we assign rooms there according to the reservation we receive from the various provider.   Despite the misunderstanding occurred during your booking process, we can reassure you that our Front Desk have tried to contact you several times during your stay to provide you with different alternatives, unfortunately with no success.  We really do hope that your faith in the Bauer won’t be permanently affected and we are looking forward to have the privilege to welcoming you back to Venice to restore your feelings towards our property, and to make sure your next stay will be nothing but perfect.  Your sincerely,  Lorenzo Conforto Guest RelationsRead more