My husband and I just spent three nights at the beautiful Bauer Hotel. The setting is absolutely lovely - looking over the Grand Canal at the Santa Maria Della Salute.  Breakfast took place on the seventh floor terrace with views if the canal as well. The staff were outstanding.  From the front desk to the servers in the dining room and the housekeepers. They went out of their way to make our stay perfect.  Perfectly located to travel easily around Venice. Five minute walk to Saint Marks Square.    There are a few reasons  that I am not giving the hotel five stars.  First, the sheets on the bed were not soft at all.  We both commented they were like sandpaper. The other reason was to get to your room, one must take two different elevators. Due to the way the building was…Read moreDate of stay: June 2013HelpfulShare Response from BauerHotels, Manager at Bauer PalazzoResponded Jun 7, 2013Dear Guest,  We would like to thank you for taking the time to review the standards of service after your recent visit. We are delighted to read so many positive comments and are grateful for your annotations which will be kept in high consideration, helping us to improve our standards. Guests’ impressions and feedback are a valuable tool, which is always used to other guests’ advantage.   This said, I think it is important for me to comment on your few negative remarks. In particular, our bed linens are made of 100% linen of very high quality. Some guests, however, prefer cotton or a linen/cotton mix, which are softer. We have these available and can offer an alternative, when requested. Regarding our fitness at IL PALAZZO it includes a sauna, a steam room and two cabins for massages. It is operated by our staff and personal trainer available every day. The gym is kept locked for security reasons, as only guests staying at Il Palazzo can access it free of charge with their magnetic card.   Thank you again for complimenting us for our location and service. In particular, we are very pleased that you have appreciated our effort to make your stay one to remember.  We look forward to your continued patronage at BAUER Hotels.  Pietro Rusconi Resident ManagerRead more