It's amazing how things look when the rose colored glasses are off.  Give a man a glass of wine, the blissful summer heat or some complimentary champagne and he will feel entirely different about a property than after a cold rainy winters experience in the same establishment.  Well we had the (dis)pleasure of spending such a night in this property during December 2012 and departed early - not because we enjoyed our experience.  Heat was inconsistent, roller shades wouldn't go all the way up, phones didn't work in certain rooms, distinct un-natural fraying of the finishes in the room and remarkably poor quality of decor for a suite of this purported caliber. The property felt in distinct need of repair.  Venice is a bit of a Waterworld living on borrowed time..  what gives the…Read moreDate of stay: December 2012HelpfulShare Response from BauerHotels, Manager at Bauer PalazzoResponded Jan 1, 2013Dear Guest, We are most sorry about your negative impressions. It sounds like the cold weather and bone-chilling temperature experienced during your stay cast a shadow on the whole experience. As you mention,  the darkness of winter may compromise or alter one’s perception. Yet, many of our return guests choose specifically this period for its magical, almost ‘mystical’ allure. This said, we are happy to read that you appreciated the cordial attitude of our staff and our efforts to make you feel at home. IL PALAZZO is a heritage building of historical significance with original antiques and artwork of great value. Furthermore, bed linens are of superior quality. They are made of 100% linen, not cotton. Crisp sheets made of pure linen are considered the non-plus-ultra in bedding standards. I regret this was not perceived as a note of distinction but, rather, as one of demerit. We hope you will have the chance of experiencing our hotel again during the summer months when it will be my personal pleasure of assuring my closest attention to your every requirement. Yours very sincerely Pietro Rusconi Resident Manager Il PalazzoRead more