At the end of our trip to Italy we were looking forward to this 5 star hotel overlooking the Grand Canal in Venice.  Through a third party agency the hotel booked Bauer Palazzo Hotel, a 5 star hotel, treated us a a second class citizens when they placed us in a different part outside the hotel. That Casa Nova building. Once we checked in, the hotel staff Jimmy, took us outside the hotel, through an ally to an adjacent building in the back, like the employees will use.  The hotel staff, Jimmy, was so rude when we asked for another room, that he left us there to resolve for ourselves. The room booked by the pictures in the website was not  what we got, not in the main building. It was a building next to the main hotel. A smelly, old, dark, crappy room that was in an ally next to…Read moreDate of stay: October 20181 Helpful voteHelpfulShare Response from BauerPalazzo, Responsabile relazioni con la clientela at Bauer PalazzoResponded Oct 7, 2018Dear PonceCandy,  Further to your comment we took some time to carefully double-check your room reservation, and as mentioned at the time of your arrival, it was confirmed for a Casa Nova room allocated in our annex. We regret reading that you were not completely satisfied with the location, as most of our guests booking a room in our Bauer Casa Nova generally enjoy the quiet environment and privileged position. We also would like to clarify that Bauer Casa Nova is located 10 meters away from the entrance of the main building and the mentioned ally is a small “calle”, a proper venetian street.   Our Front Desk staff tried to help you clarifying the misunderstanding, but any amendment or change in your reservation could only be confirmed by your Travel Agent, and, as you stated, an alternative has been proposed and not accepted.  A hotel’s room inventory is generally sold directly to the consumer or, in many cases, through intermediaries such as Travel Agents and wholesalers who – in turn – sell the hotel to the final client. Our business has contracts in place regulating this sale: we demand that all of our properties be accurately described with relevant information and photography. When this does not happen – such as in your case – we have the authority to terminate our agreement. We would like to suggest you to contact your travel agent or provider in order to clarify your room reservation and the details that might not have been correctly stated at the time of your booking.  We regret reading that you did not felt the attentive service that we are always striving to provide, especially because our Front Office Agents tried to assist you at your arrival and proposed you an alternative solution based on the Hotel room availability, but we have to strongly refuse the part of your comment in which you state that you had the impression of being discriminated for any reason, because this attitude and behavior does not belong to our Team.  BAUER is an emblem of excellence through its history. Its guests from all over the world, as members of a prestigious family, can enjoy exclusive privileges able to make them live the authentic Venetian lifestyle, taking a unique living experience away with them. We are sorry to read that your experience has not lived up to your expectations, and we hope that we will have the privilege to welcoming you back to Venice to restore your feelings towards our property.  Kind Regards,  Martina Carlon Guest Relation Coordinator Read more