We arrived at the Bauer Palazzo Hotel to celebrate my 50th birthday.  I chose this hotel because it was so beautiful and on the waterfront.  We checked in and the lady at the front desk showed us to our room.  We were confused because she left the hotel and took us around a dark corner down an alleyway to a door in another building that wasn't even connected to the Bauer. It was very musky smelling and old. I was very upset because we paid for the room  in the main  hotel that was advertised and we did not get to stay there.  The only reason I gave it any stars is because the view from the breakfast area was beautiful.Read moreDate of stay: September 20181 Helpful voteHelpfulShare Response from BauerPalazzo, Responsabile relazioni con la clientela at Bauer PalazzoResponded Sep 29, 2018Dear Susan K,  We would like to thank you for taking the time to review your stay in our Bauer Casa Nova, and for your kind mention to the aspects that made it beautiful.  Further to your comment we took some time to carefully double-check your room reservation, and as mentioned at the time of your arrival, it was confirmed for a Casa Nova room allocated in our annex. We regret reading that you were not completely satisfied with the location, as most of our guests booking a room in our Bauer Casa Nova generally enjoy the quiet environment and privileged position, and we would have been pleased to provide our assistance during your stay.  A hotel’s room inventory is generally sold directly to the consumer or, in many cases, through intermediaries such as Travel Agents and wholesalers who – in turn – sell the hotel to the final client. Our business has contracts in place regulating this sale: we demand that all of our properties be accurately described with relevant information and photography. When this does not happen – such as in your case – we have the authority to terminate our agreement. We would like to suggest you to contact your travel agent or provider in order to clarify your room reservation and the details that might not have been correctly stated at the time of booking.  We truly hope we will have the privilege to welcoming you back to our property on the occasion of a future trip to Venice. Should you need any additional assistance, please do not hesitate to contact our direct e-mail address: guestrelation@bauervenezia.it  Kind regards,  Martina Carlon Guest Relation CoordinatorRead more