Short story: DO NOT GO HERE UNLESS YOU HAVE MONEY TO BURN.  Long story: I had done about a month of research on luxury hotels in Venice as I wanted to treat my parents to a great stay at an amazing historic hotel in Venice. I had corresponded with many hotel and Bauer was quick to respond to my emails I’ll give them that. Especially after having dropped nearly a month’s rent on a room for one night, I was expecting a much much much better experience and came away feeling like I had made a huge mistake.  Room assignment: Once we got there we were taken up to our suite with a balcony as I had requested, but it was a tiny juliet balcony that was not as they had advertised on their website. The picture on their website shows an entire breakfast table out on the balcony and ours…Read moreDate of stay: September 20181 Helpful voteHelpfulShare Response from BauerPalazzo, Responsabile reception at Bauer PalazzoResponded Sep 28, 2018Dear Disha R,  We would like to thank you for taking the time to review your stay at the Bauer Palazzo, and we regret reading that in some aspects the experience did not meet your expectations.  Our Superior Suites are individually decorated and furnished with a mix of art deco and Venetian design. Italian marble bathrooms with bathtubs and handle showers, heated towel-rails. They overlook the inner court, the San Moisè Church or the Small Canal. We take in very high consideration our guest’s preferences during the room assignment process and, based on your request, you have been allocated in a Superior Suite with balcony and Canal view. The picture you saw on our website is actually related to a Superior Suite with a bigger balcony, but overlooking the San Moisè Church and not the Canal. We understand that the room did not met your preferences, and as our staff is always trying to find the perfect room for your venetian stay, we wish you would have contacted us during your permanence to address your concerns and to allow us to find a different accommodation.   We were also very thankful that you chose the Bauer Palazzo to celebrate such a special occasion like your 30th Wedding Anniversary and our Guest Relations team prepared a plate of cookies and a personalized greeting card as a treat. Regarding the lack of kettles in the room, we usually don’t provide tea and coffee facilities in the room for health and safety regulation, but we really appreciate your suggestion. We take all feedbacks in very high consideration, as they are the only way we can really improve in our service and product.  We are also sorry to read that you were not completely satisfied by our Concierge and Front Office teams. Our Team members are always striving to create memorable moments in our guests’ experience and we truly regret reading that our service did not live up to your expectations and that you did not felt our attentiveness during your stay.  We appreciate your concern regarding the taxi ride. I am glad to reassure you that the prices applied are the regular ones. The ride fare from the Hotel to the Port is fixed and it is actually 90.00 Euros. The fare of 60.00 Euros is applied only for the rides from Piazzale Roma or  S.Lucia Train Station to the Hotel and viceversa. These fares are fixed by the Taxi Company that does not belong to our Hotel.  We sincerely hope that this experience will not permanently affect your faith in our Hotel, which we will be delighted to restore, and that we will have an opportunity to welcoming you back in the future. Should you need further clarification on this matter, please do not hesitate to contact us at our direct e-mail address: guestrelation@bauervenezia.it.   Kind regards,  Valentina Costagli  Assistant Front Office Manager Read more