We were booked into the Bauer Palazzo by our agent as it was a stopover between our cruise and a trip on the Belmond Simplon Orient Express. We arrived at the hotel at 11.30 on 20 August (our wedding anniversary) which was a very hot and humid day. We had just transferred from our ship and needed to change into more comfortable and suitable clothing before exploring the city. We were told that the check in time was 3PM which surprised us by being so late (but that is their policy so just bear it in mind). I then asked if they had a room that I could quickly change into. The gentleman on reception replied with a smirk and quite arrogantly that they did not offer such a service but that I could use the washroom! So I took my large, heavy case to the washroom/toilet and found it to…Read moreDate of stay: August 20181 Helpful voteHelpfulShare Response from BauerPalazzo, Responsabile relazioni con la clientela at Bauer PalazzoResponded Sep 7, 2018Dear Alan N,  We would like to thank you for taking the time to report your concerns regarding your stay at the Bauer Palazzo.   We truly regret reading that our service did not live up to your expectations and that you did not felt our attentiveness during your check-in. We are always more than pleased to provide a solution for our guests that needs to change into more comfortable clothes after their arrival, but unfortunately, due to the high occupancy of the Hotel, no room was ready and available at 11:30 am.   Our Front Desk staff is always more than willing to escort our guests to their room before the usual check-in time, according to the availability, but unfortunately by the time of your arrival the room was not ready to welcoming you yet. We completely understand your discomfort and we apologize for missing the opportunity to provide you a different solution.   We truly hope we will have the pleasure of welcoming you back to our property on the occasion of a future stay in Venice.   Kind Regards,  Martina Carlon Guest RelationRead more