We (myself and my spouse) were on a Europe trip in July 2018- August 2018. Venice was our last destination.   Being a 5-star hotel, I was expecting a room size big enough but was totally disappointed at this because the beside beds , there was only little space which could hardly accommodate our luggage and thereafter there was no space to  stand or  walk.  Moreso, while makemytrip booking voucher mentioned that full amount has been paid and nothing needs to be paid at the hotel, they charged us at the time of check-out even when we didnot use any of the items in mini-bar.  Also,  While the makemytrip booking voucher mentioned a superior room , we were given a standard room. I don't know what the nomenclature means and if the standard and/or superior rooms are different, but the…Read moreDate of stay: August 2018HelpfulShare Response from BauerPalazzo, Responsabile relazioni con la clientela at Bauer PalazzoResponded Aug 20, 2018Dear Da_Siddhart_Quirky,  We would like to thank you for taking the time to review your stay at the Bauer Palazzo, and we regret reading that in some aspects the experience did not meet your expectations.  Our entry level room category is actually the Superior Room. Most of these rooms enjoy the silence provided by an inner court and are individually decorated and furnished with a mix of art deco and Venetian design. Italian marble bathrooms with bathtubs and handle showers, heated towel-rails. We understand that the room did not met your preferences, and as our staff is always trying to find the perfect room for your venetian stay, we wish you would have contacted us during your permanence to address your concernes and to allow us to find a different accomodation.  Regarding the charges at the moment of check out, the information bill that has been presented probably refers to the locat city tax, that is not included in the room rate, and not to a mini bar consumption.  We sincerely hope that this experience will not permanently affect your faith in our Hotel, which we will be delighted to restore, and that we will have an opportunity to welcoming you back in the future. Should you need further clarification on this matter, please do not hesitate to contact us at our direct e-mail address: guestrelation@bauervenezia.it  Kind Regards,  Martina Carlon Guest RelationRead more