The location is fantastic, especially for a first trip to Venice. The breakfast on the terrace by the Grand Canal is priceless and the service there is top notch. The lobby is beautiful, and the general ambiance very pleasant.  Unfortunately, after pre-paying in full my stay at the Bauer Palazzo for 4 nights in a "Deluxe Palazzo Room" through an internet website (Agoda), not only did the hotel give me a cheaper room type, but also a room in the other hotel in the front called "The Bauer" with a view onto a wall. Those are two different classes of hotels. "The Bauer" is by far less luxurious and authentic than the Palazzo. Even after showing my printed receipt twice and insisting on 3 different occasions, the hotel refused to honour my reservation. I gave up. To save face, the…Read moreDate of stay: July 20181 Helpful voteHelpfulShare Response from BauerPalazzo, Responsabile relazioni con la clientela at Bauer PalazzoResponded Aug 14, 2018Dear RealTravelPrincess,  Further to your comment, we would like to reconfirm we honored your reservation of a "Deluxe Room".   Our Deluxe Rooms are spacious, cozy and individually decorated and furnished, with a mix of art deco and Venetian design. Some have a view over the little canal of San Moisè, while some feature street view. All of our rooms have Italian marble bathrooms with bathtubs and handle showers, and heated towel-rails. Bauer Palazzo is one single entity and is the location of 56 suites and 135 rooms.  We received your e-mail that expressed your concerns right after your checked-in and we promptly responded in order to ask you to meet our representative to discuss the aspects of your room that did not live up to your expectations and to eventually show you different rooms.   During your stay, our staff was more than willing to provide you assistance, and as we truly value our Guests opinion, every comment or feedback is truly important for us to provide our most efficient assistance, especially when it comes to finding the perfect room for their venetian stay. We tried to contact you multiple times on the phone, with messages in the room and in person, but you never replied nor were willing to meet to our representative. These steps were taken throughout your 4 days stay and not, as stated, 12 hours before your departure.  Kind Regards,  Martina Carlon Guest RelationRead more