My husband and I are currently ending our first day stay at this hotel. First we were given a room at the “hotel” and not the “palazzo” although that is not what was booked. We didn’t mention it, we were happy to finally be in Venice. We brought back a bottle of wine from a vineyard we visited in Tuscany. After opening the bottle in our room, I decided to ask the rooftop bar if we could enjoy it out there and we would of course purchase some soft drinks (sparking water or soda) just for this one occasion. I indicated we would also return after dinner to purchase some hard drinks. The bar manager very rudely told me no without offering a corkage fee or anything. We ended up enjoying our bottle in our poorly air conditioned room instead of the rooftop bar where maybe only one of…Read moreDate of stay: June 2018HelpfulShare Response from BauerPalazzo, Responsabile relazioni con la clientela at Bauer PalazzoResponded Jun 3, 2018Dear Guest,  We would like to thank you for taking the time to review your stay at the Bauer Palazzo, and for reporting us your concerns regarding your experience in our Settimo Cielo.  Built in 1930, Settimo Cielo (Seventh Heaven) is still the highest terrace in Venice, a location on the 7th floor of the building, contemplating the city from a surprising and privileged position.  Many our valued guests have been amazed by this incredible location throughout the years, and indulged themselves in the unique experience of enjoying a glass of wine or a fine cocktail on the terrace.   According to the regulation, our Bar and Restaurant team members are not authorized to supply food or beverages whose origin is not certified. For this reason, we unfortunately had to deny your request of consuming the bottle of wine you brought from your trip in Tuscany in our Settimo Cielo Lounge.  We hope that you appreciated our attempt to change your feelings towards this experience by contacting you during your stay to provide our assistance on the matter and regarding your accommodation, and we remain at your complete disposal should you require any additional information.  Kind Regards,  The Guest Relation DepartmentRead more