Sure the location is great and it is clean and safe and rates in Biennale season are through the roof BUT ... The"Palazzo" rooms are outdated with poor plumbing (toilets do not flush properly) , furniture is uncomfortable and impractical, room layout strange, lighting system is outdated and cryptic. Walk in closets are spacious but poorly conceived.  Very poor for five stars. Access from the Bauer Palazzo lobby is complicated and if your room is over the terrace on the corner, there is noisy partying until late every night under your windows.  Breakfast on the top terrace provides a lovely view but what is served is not as good as at other hotels of the same category in Venice. It too needs refreshing desperately. You get the impression the hotel is trying to squeeze as much as…Read moreDate of stay: May 2017HelpfulShare Response from BauerHotels, Resident Manager at Bauer PalazzoResponded May 16, 2017Dear Voyageuse54, Thank you for taking the time to share your feedback regarding your recent stay at our property. We are sorry to read that we did not live up to your expectations since our mission is to please our Guests and anticipate their needs. It is quite sad to learn that you did not like your room. The accommodation you and your family had been assigned is one of our finest executive suites with a very large dressing room and a unique view of San Marco and the lagoon.  As you may know the opening of the Art Biennale is quite a unique event for Venice, every two years and historically the BAUERs have been a sponsor of art and culture as well as a privileged scenario of many vernissages and happenings. Artists and curators choose the BAUERs to celebrate this important occasion with receptions and parties. In fact, as you may have seen during the last part of your stay all the Palaces on the Grand Canal were festively lit and populated with large crowds of people. Many of the local and neighborhood bars and night clubs hosted large parties with music into the early hours of the morning to celebrate the inauguration of the Biennale. Obviously we are sorry if all these events have disturbed your stay but regarding the reservation terms and conditions, as we state clearly in the booking offer during these particular days no refund is possible when booking with a non-refundable rate. We can assure our utmost care for all future stay since we hope we will have the chance to welcome you again at the BAUER Hotel. With best regards   Stefano Noviello Resident Manager Read more