Our experience was definitely not one I would expect from a 5-star hotel. I actually expect better from a 3-star Hotel. There were hundreds of small ants that were in our room eating the small treats left in our room. Housekeeping was terrible, forgetting to leave towels, removing but not replacing bath robes. A heavy patio door was missing hinges and almost fell on us. Despite them sending the repairman, the door remained dangerous. And the service was horrific- calls for housekeeping or front desk assistance were usually met by a busy signal, no answer, or a inaccurate promise to deliver things promptly. I often had to call multiple times to get the requested item or service. I would steer clear of this hotel which is poorly managed, run down (bedroom furniture is damaged and…Read moreDate of stay: June 2019HelpfulShare Response from BauerPalazzo, Guest Relations at Bauer PalazzoResponded Jun 16, 2019Dear Mr. Shareef A,   We would like to thank you for taking the time to review your recent stay at the Bauer Palazzo, and we regret reading that not all the aspects of your stay completely met your expectations.  Making reference to your detailed feedback, our staff upgraded you in one of our best Canal Suite overlooking the Gran Canal. Moreover, in order to meet your need of a late check out, despite the high occupancy of the Hotel in this period, we gave you a resting room without any additional charge until the time of your departure.   Regarding our housekeepers, who are generally praised by our valued guests for their efficiency and meticulousness, they tried to promptly satisfied all your requirements providing for you the requested items.  BAUER is an emblem of excellence through its history. Its guests from all over the world, as members of a prestigious family, can enjoy exclusive privileges able to make them live the authentic Venetian lifestyle, taking a unique living experience away with them.   We hope that we will have the privilege to welcoming you back to Venice to restore your feelings towards our property, and to make sure your next stay will be nothing but perfect.   Kind Regards,  Greta Bonaventura Guest Relations Read more