I had a hard time finding this hotel and thanks to the directions of a  gondolier, waitress, and an old Italian man I was able to find it tucked away from the crowded touristy area. At first I thought the area was deserted. I hardly saw any people around.   The hotel is "fancy" but lot of shady service. First occurrence, I had to get two (2) rooms for my family in which they implied it was a fire hazard to have two adults and three children in one room. We complied and got an extra room with points which was total waste because it was far from the other family members. Secondly they charged me 250 euros instead of 25 euro for a fee. That is a HUGE "mistake" especially when points was used for this hotel. Be sure to keep receipts and check your credit card statement after…Read moreDate of stay: June 2014HelpfulShare Response from VeneziaManager, Front Office Manager at NH Collection Venezia Grand Hotel Palazzo Dei DogiResponded Aug 9, 2014Dear Guest, Thank you for taking the time to share your thoughts regarding your experience with the Boscolo Venezia, Autograph Collection®.  We are sorry to understand that you did not appreciated the position of our Hotel that is located in a quite residential area, usually our guests decide to stay with us exactly because we are out from the crowded area of Venice.  We would like to inform you that it is part of our regular procedure to assure a proper  pest control in order to limit to a minimum the existence of mosquito at our property. Being in the lagoon, we understand that mosquitos could turn up, so every room is equipped with repellent machine that could reduce their presence.  We completely understand your point of view regarding the issue with the rooms but our Hotel is set on an historical building, for these reason the rooms can not accommodate 5 people.  We are really apologize for the mistake occur on your charge that we refund immediately, please be sure that our Manager have already taken serious internal measures.  We are happy to understand that you have enjoyed the breakfast and are precious garden.   We hope to welcome back in a near future, Best Regards  Martina Malusa Front Office Manager AssistantRead more