A 5 "star" hotel? Doing a euro trip at the moment, and despite being the most expensive accommodation, at ~$625AUD per night per room, booking well in advance, we are given a room on the ground floor, our window view is a wall about two metres away (of the same building), and our door is adjacent to the service/laundry room, so it's always noisy..I have pictures as well. For the same category room, you can be several floors up overlooking the water, this is just not right. I'm not advocating that every room needs to be the perfect view, but I think charging $625 for a room that we got is an absolute joke.  The useless guy (rude, ignorant) at the front desk tells us how the hotel is fully booked and that other rooms on higher floors cost the same per night, seemingly incapable of…Read moreDate of stay: July 2014HelpfulShare Response from VeneziaManager, Fron Office Manager Assistant at NH Collection Venezia Grand Hotel Palazzo Dei DogiResponded Jul 29, 2014Dear Customer, I would like to thank you for taking your time to share your comments with us.  We would like to apologize for any inconvenience you might have experienced during your stay at Boscolo Venezia.   As much as we like to receive positive comments from our guests , we extremely appreciate all comments negative or positive, as we see them as an opportunity to grow and improve our service. I assure you that your suggestions will be taken into consideration. Our team is entirely devoted to our guests and our main goal is to meet and exceed guests’ expectations.  We are deeply sorry to heard that the staff was not attentive to your bad feelings and requests, please be sure that we have already taken serious internal measures.  Regarding the issue about the location of the Hotel, I confirm you that it is not close to the main attraction, but please be informed that we try to compensate it with a free shuttle service for all our guests from the Hotel to St. Mark's square and back.  We truly appreciate you sharing your thoughts with us so that we may continue to deliver exceptional service in the future. I hope to have the opportunity to apologize once more at you next visit in Venice. Please feel free to contact us back. Kind regards Marilisa M. Front Office Manager Assistant fo.manager@venezia.boscolo.comRead more