The only hotel that we stayed in after 12 days in Italy that was "affiliated" with a large well known international hotel chain (Marriott) was this one & it was our biggest disappointment. It started out very nicely with a bottle of Prosecco sent to our room (we were celebrating our 25th wedding anniversary). We should have drank it immediately & left. Instead we decided to relax a little after both a train ride from Bologna plus the necessary water ride to the hotel, before heading out to explore the infamous city of Venice. Suddenly it sounded like it was raining outside & we literally looked out the window but the sun was still shining. We then realized that the 'rain' was a torrent of water coming down from the room above in the small passage between our door & the room. We…Read moreDate of stay: October 2013HelpfulShare Response from VeneziaManager, Front Office Manager at NH Collection Venezia Grand Hotel Palazzo Dei DogiResponded Jul 27, 2014Dear Guest, We would like to thank you for your comments regarding your stay at Boscolo Venezia.  First of all accept please our apologize for any inconvenience you might have experienced during your stay.   We completely understand your point of view but we tried to make our best during your stay regarding the issue in your room. As a boutique hotel, our property is located on a Palace from the 17th century. For these reason we have a central air conditioning system that  according to the venetian law must be turned off during certain times of the year (like October). Our hotel has different type of rooms in different location like the mezzanine floor or the rooms on the garden were you can have the unique view of the lagoon.  We made a great use of all your comments to ensure that our staff members had done all the appropriate trainings again in order to refresh and better assist all our guests.   We hope to have the opportunity to apologize once more at you next visit in Venice. Best Regards  Martina Malusa Front Office Manager AssistantRead more