After a wonderful stay at 2 Marriotts in Italy we booked this hotel for the 4th of July for 2 nights, thinking it would have a similar standard. We checked in at 2 pm and were told to wait at the restaurant for a welcome drink by the reception staff. After 15 mins I reminded her we were still waiting and were told it was coming. Finally after 30 mins we decided to go to the room which we were told was ready at 2 pm to find some engineers were "servicing" the aircon systems. We requested that welcome drinks be sent to the room which she agreed to to but never sent them. Then when I asked for change for 500 I was told to go to a bank 2 canals away..... Can you imagine that this hotel did not have 500 Euros in the til.  We booked the water Taxi drop off for the afternoon after…Read moreDate of stay: July 2014HelpfulShare Response from VeneziaManager, Front Office Manager Assistant at NH Collection Venezia Grand Hotel Palazzo Dei DogiResponded Jul 29, 2014Dear Customer,  We would like to thank you for taking your time to share your comments with us.  We would like to apologize for any inconvenience you might have experienced during your stay at Boscolo Venezia.  Every comments, positive or negative, is important for us to understand our strength and our weakness. We are particularly glad when guests have been satisfied in their expectations, but we need to know as well different point of view to professionally grow up and improve.  We are deeply sorry to hear that our Staff composed from people of different nationalities, was unprofessional and gave you so a bad feeling. That is exactly the opposite of what we usually do because our purpose is to create in the hotel a family atmosphere and  we would like that Guests feel at home. Please be sure that we have already taken serious internal measures.  We truly hope to welcome you again in our property in a near  future and have the opportunity to apologize once more.  Kind regards  Marilisa M. Front Office Manager Assistant fo.manager@venezia.boscolo.comRead more