This is a gorgeous renovated palace. Typical Vebetian artwork is every where, classic Murano chandeliers, and guilded furniture. Unfortunately, the staffing was inadequate for the volume of guests coming and going, which translated into less than the service one might expect for a highly rated hotel. Breakfast was enjoyable. We otherwise ate outside the hotel, as we had full days in the city.  The grounds and garden were beautiful.  The bar was not a good relaxing place at the end of the day, and the barmenu less than good.  The room was beautiful. The bathroom was cramped, likely due to the age of the structure. We kept hitting our heads on the sloped ceiling over the tub. We also had brief interruptions in hot water during showers.  Ovberall, based on the looks we were…Read moreDate of stay: May 2014HelpfulShare Response from VeneziaManager, Manager at NH Collection Venezia Grand Hotel Palazzo Dei DogiResponded May 23, 2014Dear Guest,   We would like to thank you for your feedback as it is extremely important to us and we would like to apologize for the inconvenience you might have experienced during your stay in Boscolo Venezia.  We are pleased to understand that you have appreciate the beauty of our property and we thank you for your nice comments. At the same time we regret deeply to hear that you did not enjoy the bar facilities and its menu. We often receive very positive feedback regarding the bar its staff and food quality. It is possible that sometimes the hotel gets busy at once and the staff gets overloaded but this usually does not last for long.    We regret to understand that you had experienced an inconvenience with the bathroom in the room and that we were not advised of it during your stay. Our rooms are all different from another and we would be pleased to offer a room change.   Once again we apologize for the inconvenience you might have experienced and we hope to have the pleasure to welcome you back in the near future.  Kind Regards,  Rositsa Tsvetkova For Martina MalusaRead more