Well checked in tonight with my wife n son. The moment we entered the room there is a distinct foul odour which I went down and complained at the reception, n was told the housekeeping would come to clean it. After one hour nothing was done, again went down and was told the previous receptionist had left for the day without informing n hence they would send housekeeping now. It has been two hours from our second visit to the reception and the time is now 10.38 pm, and nothing has been done to rectify the same. The result is we have to spend the night in this foul odour room, which is really very pathetic. As a result we are waiting for the morning to check out though we had booked for two nights, n don't mind the waste of money for one night but this is a place which should be…Read moreDate of stay: May 2014HelpfulShare Response from VeneziaManager, Manager at NH Collection Venezia Grand Hotel Palazzo Dei DogiResponded May 23, 2014Dear Mr. Petigara,   We want to thank you for taking your time to share your comments with us and we apologize for the inconvenience you might have experienced during your stay in Boscolo Venezia.   After further investigation on the matter with our front desk members and housekeeping staff we would like to advise you that your room was inspected twice each time straight after you came down to the front desk to report the issue. As per our housekeeping staff both times there was no foul smell detected in your assigned room. The reason that you did not see the housekeeping staff personally in your room is most probably because you were down at the reception at that time. The Assistant Front Office Manager Martina Malusa recalls to have informed you personally accordingly.  We deeply regret that we were unable to offer you a room change as the hotel was  fully booked and we had no available rooms left that evening.   Once again we apologize for the inconvenience you might have experienced during your stay and we hope to see you back in the future.  Kind Regards,  Rositsa Tsvetkova For Martina MalusaRead more