After a long search of a suitable place where to spend a long weekend in Venice with wife and other couples of friends, we opted for the boscolo as the chain had a solid reputation in spite of some financial woes reported recently in the press, many stars and good price. I had attributed the lower cost to the fact that this hotel was further away from the very center of Venice which was Ok with us as we were City regulars in town for the biennale.   The outside of the building is promising, in a quiet canal and with a prestigious font door. The first surprise hits you as you cross it: the breakfast tables where blended in the reception room. Basically while you are eating your breakfast or enjoying your aperitif, instead of enjoying a vénitian view you are mostly admiring the…Read moreDate of stay: January 2014HelpfulShare Response from VeneziaManager, Front Office Manager at NH Collection Venezia Grand Hotel Palazzo Dei DogiResponded Jan 24, 2014Dear Guest, We would like to thank you for your comments regarding your stay at Boscolo Venezia.  Every comments, positive or negative, is important for us to understand our strength and our weakness. We are particularly glad when guests have been satisfied in their expectations, but we need to know as well different point of view to professionally grow up and improve.  We would like to apologize for any inconvenience you might have experienced during your stay at Boscolo Venezia.  As a boutique hotel, our property is located on a Palace from the 17th century. For these reason we have a central air conditioning system that  according to the venetian law must be  turned off during certain times of the year.   Our  hotel has five different rooms categories that varied accordingly to the size of it. Room upgrades  are available at the hotel front desk upon availability and request.  We are sorry to understand that you did not appreciate our breakfast set up and service in the Lobby Area . Our Dynamic Hall  is part of a company project that intend to create further interaction between all our guests during all times.   It is part of our regular procedure to assure a proper  pest control in order to limit to a  minimum the existence of mosquito at our property. During your stay, the city of Venice experienced a peculiar invasion of mosquito due to the extremely and unexpected hot weather. For this reason the hotel provided a repellent plug device in every single room.  We made a great use of all your comments to ensure that our staff members had done all the appropriate trainings again in order to refresh and better assist all our guests.   Best Regards Martina Malusa Front Office ManagerRead more