At the first moment the hotel looks good at the reception. Later when you go to your room you see how bad it really is. Dirty and worn out curtains (pic attached) not washed for years full of dirt and dust. Towels (pic attached) absolutely below any expected level, totally worn out. Very limited breakfast with NO fresh vegetables! The same stuff every day. Dont mention omlet at breakfast you might get it after 30 min 0 r...never. Terrible, lazy staff that does not collect used plates and glasses until you really finish (pic attached). If you plan to eat anything (which I do NOT recommend) order it at least one day earlier. Basically a shame for Marriott to include such miserable hotel in their offer. Better stay away!Read moreDate of stay: April 20191 Helpful voteHelpfulShare Response from VeneziaManager, Front Office Manager at NH Collection Venezia Grand Hotel Palazzo Dei DogiResponded Apr 27, 2019Dear Jaroslaw S, Thank you for taking the time to share your valuable feedback. I am delighted that our lobby has charmed you but I am sorry to see that overall we did not reach your expectations. For this, I sincerely apologize.  Every comment, positive or negative, is important for us to understand our strength and our weakness. We are particularly glad when guests have been satisfied in their expectations, but we need to know as well different point of view to professionally grow up and improve. Let us apologize for the fact that your overall experience in our property did not meet your expectations. Our goal is allowing all our valued guests to experience a memorable stay in our historical palace and bring home wonderful memories of their time in our magical city on water.  We are truly sorry to read that you did not enjoy the breakfast you had during your stay, in particular since no team member has been notified about that during your sojourn and could therefore not show you any empathy and good will that we are accustomed to in order to try to solve the unpleasant situation.  You’re a valued customer; everything we do is aimed at providing you with an excellent hotel experience. We would like to regain your trust and hope to serve you again in the future.   Best Regards Martina Malusa Front OfficeRead more