Location: 2/5 It's 15-20 min walk away from the train station and another 25min walk away to the central attraction of Venice. Quiet little place if that's what you fancy.   Room: 1/5 "Venician size" is what they call it, according to the hotel staff. And that's after I received double upgrades, the room is less than 20sqm I reckon. Barely any space to move around. What makes it worse, they do not provide drinking bottled water in the room. Only one bottle pet stay. We went to the supermarket 15 minutes walk away, and carried 12 litres worth of drinks back.   Service: 3/5 Generally polite, but it lacks a professional concierge team. They tried their best to help though which I appreciate. One tainted experience - My points and nights are not credited to my account despite me…Read moreDate of stay: January 2020HelpfulShare Response from VeneziaManager, Front Office Manager at NH Collection Venezia Grand Hotel Palazzo Dei DogiResponded Jan 28, 2020Dear agong4,  we of course wish to thank you for staying with us  at the Grand Hotel Dei Dogi, The Dedica Anthology, Autograph Collection and providing your feedback.  We do apologize for the inconvenient and mostly because you did not leave with the expecting memories, we are of course aware that there are some areas that need and we are working daily to do it.  We are really sorry that the room size did not meet your expectation, we did the best to upgrade you to a Panorama room overlooking the canal. The Panorama category is usually the most appreciated from our guest due to the wonderful view in our tipical Cannaregio district, where you can feel the lovely atmosphere of the authentic Venetian life in a historical palace. We are sure that you would preferred a different category, probably one of our Deluxe or Suite that are really spacious and confortable.  We would like to thank you again for your feedback. We will discuss about it and hope that whenever you will decide to come back to our property in occasion of your next visit in Venice we will have the chance to show you our improvements.  Best regards, Andrea Sampietro Front Office Manager Read more