My wife wanted to make me a present and booked a room in this Grand Hotel Dei Dogi for 2 nights. Even if its not a season room costs 160-180 euros per night. Our room number was 118 and it was worst room i ever experienced in 5 star hotels.  Our bed meant to be king size, but they gave us 2 small mattresses together, which made it uncomfortable to sleep! First morning around 8:30-9:00 am we woke up because of some construction works noises. Room was very small and a bit depressive, because there was no light and view was disgusting (check photos I attached). Today morning before checkout i found my towel was dirty - there was a red/orange spot on it.  I will never recommend this place even to my enemies.Read moreDate of stay: January 20201 Helpful voteHelpfulShare Response from VeneziaManager, Front Office Manager at NH Collection Venezia Grand Hotel Palazzo Dei DogiResponded Jan 24, 2020Dear Mr. Gpersx,  Thank you for choosing to stay at the Grand Hotel Dei Dogi, The Dedica Anthology, Autograph Collection and providing your honest feedback.  First of all, let us apologize for the issues you have encountered during your stay and for the fact that your overall experience in our property did not meet your expectations.  We know that January is usually a low season period but likely we were almost fully book due to competitive prices and an authentic Venetian atmosphere that guests can live in our Cannaregio district. We are of course aware that there are some areas that requires immediate actions, for this reason we are currently doing some renovation to implement the excellence of our product.  Every day, we passionately work to create memorable service experiences and lasting and meaningful memories and when we fail to do so  we are naturally very disappointed and regret it immensely. Feedbacks like yours are vital in order to improve the quality of our Service and , of course, it is an ongoing and relentless work. We would like to thank you again for your review. We hope that whenever you will decide to come back to our Grand Hotel dei Dogi in occasion of your next visit in Venice we will have the chance to show you our improvements.  Best regards, Andrea Sampietro Read more