The hotel is in a lovely, quiet area in Venice.  The receptionists and desk clerks were friendly and professional.  We had a very large room overlooking the garden, but it was a bit dated and a little dreary.  The bath towels were nice, but when just fell apart on us, probably from over use.  The boat rides to Morano and St. mark's Square were lovely, but not free as the website says, as there is a daily resort fee.  The most disappointing part of our stay was the bar/breakfast/lounge situation.  There is not a nice place to sit in the lobby and the bar is tiny.  Breakfast was awful!  I think they would be better off serving less items in the buffet and improving on the quality of their food.  The fruit was blah, the cereals stale, and the nuts almost rancid.  The American…Read moreDate of stay: September 2018HelpfulShare Response from VeneziaManager, Manager at NH Collection Venezia Grand Hotel Palazzo Dei DogiResponded Sep 14, 2018Dear Marie Louise D, Thank you for choosing Grand Hotel dei Dogi, The Dedica Anthology .  Our goal is to make the stay of our guest as enjoyable as they would like it to be and we are always committed to meet and exceed guest expectations.  Thank you very much for your positive comments regarding our friendly staff. With regards to the specific points you raised in your feedback, we would like to apologize for not having meet your expectations.  As for the pigeons, we understand that they meant a big trouble to you. However, we ask you as well to kindly understand that every open space in Venice experiences the same problem. Since they are protected by laws and used to tourists, pigeons have become tireless fearless animals. We do appreciate your comments on the matter, since they help us to understand how important and urgent it is to deal with this issue for our customer's comfort.  That is why we thank you for your review, which will be proven useful in our property's growth process.  Kind regards, Chiara Zambianchi Deputy ManagerRead more