Myself and family arrived Dec 21, 2019. I’m sure these people has posted pictures done by a professional because We’re still here on our vacation and those pictures are lies. Stay away unless u like living with water filling the lobby and stairway. These people are used to this the reservation lady said this is not her problem that we want to leave, it’s no refunds and we would have to pay for us to move to another hotel. The rooms are very very dated to keep up with a duchess from 400 Yrs ago, the room has flying bugs because the carpet reaps mildew so bad, because they are by water and they have high tides every day. So the guy at check in said tomorrow if we want to leave out for the day it will have to be safe at 2:00 pm, the entire day will be gone. I have tried to get my…Read moreDate of stay: December 20193 Helpful votesHelpfulShare Response from VeneziaManager, Front Office Manager at NH Collection Venezia Grand Hotel Palazzo Dei DogiResponded Dec 26, 2019Dear 1truth209, We are extremely surprised of this review about our wonderful lagoon city. We don’t know your exact expectations about Venice but this city is one of the most historical in the world and has always been an island, just since 1933 when has been inaugurated the Liberty bridge was possible to reach only Piazzale Roma by car and after by train. As Hoteliers we passionately work to create memorable service experiences and lasting meaningful memories, in your case we did our best and I have also personally offered and showed you one of our room with a unique view on the lagoon without any extra charges, but you rejected the offer. Our Grand hotel dei Dogi, located in the typical and quiet Cannaregio district, is an historical building from the XV century, is part of the history of Venice and Italy and our rooms are keeping the unmistakable Venetian style, that maybe for you was looking a bit old. In this period, expecially this year, Venice is subjected to the high water due to the seasional tides, our hotel is likely lokated in one of the highest side of the city, high water effect the district just for a couple of hours and that’s a unique  experience for our guests, anyway every services and activities of our hotel had not been effected. We are not sure you will be back to Venice but in case we will be ready to offer a you a memorable service in our wondeful city on water. Best regards, Andrea SampietroRead more