First let me start off by saying the location is great, if you don’t mind walking. The hotel is located in a quiet area about a 15 minute walk from San Marco and the water taxi shuttle only runs limited hours, so if you don’t like to walk, this location may not be for you. My husband and I like to walk and enjoyed getting away from the bustle of San Marco. The lobby is lovely, the room was ok, nothing spectacular but clean and had a Venetian feel to it, which we appreciated.  My biggest problem with this hotel was the rudeness of one of the front desk (female) staff. My husband has earned lifetime status in the Marriott rewards program because he chooses Marriott properties for all his business and our personal travel. Never have we been treated in this manner by any Marriott…Read moreDate of stay: October 2017HelpfulShare Response from VeneziaManager, Front Office Manager at NH Collection Venezia Grand Hotel Palazzo Dei DogiResponded Apr 2, 2018Dear Guest,  Thank you for taking the time to share your valuable feedback. We are pleased to hear that you enjoyed so many aspects of our hotel. On the other hand,  it has come to my attention that the staff impression  you received during your recent stay did not meet your expectations. Please accept our sincere apologies for the inconvenience you may have experienced. We take great pride in ensuring our guest’s satisfaction. Unfortunately, we did not meet your expectations.  In case your precious time allows I would be delighted to hear about the inconveniences you experienced as the staff attitude you mentioned is against our goal and we would like to make sure every request is treated with positive attitude only. Please feel free to contact me via fo.manager@venezia.boscolo.com to discuss your concerns in detail.  Your feedback is very valuable for us and I hope you may consider it as one off and not reflective to our high quality of service we try to deliver every day and I hope we will have the chance to welcome you back and provide an exceptional hotel experience.  Sincerely,  Barbara Ghea Front Office ManagerRead more