The hospitality of the staff and breakfast are great here. Our upgraded deluxe room was huge and beautiful. We went during winter (February) to celebrate birthday and our 25th wedding anniversary. They offered a complimentary welcome drink; Thank you. The heating/cooling could be better in the rooms (too hot or too cold). Couldn't get good sleep. Biggest disappointment is the shower. Even though the water was hot, the hot water volume was too low. We hardly felt that we took a shower (too hot or too cold)! When we went to report it, the front desk seemed to have known the issue (wonder if the volume of hot water was intentionally kept low)!. They didn't bother to repair it during our 3days stay. Almost 300 Euros per night and couldn't have a good shower!! They told they would…Read moreDate of stay: February 2018HelpfulShare Response from VeneziaManager, Manager at NH Collection Venezia Grand Hotel Palazzo Dei DogiResponded Mar 5, 2018Dear Satrajit M, thank you for choosing Boscolo Venezia, Autograph Collection. We are glad to read you generous comments about our hospitable staff and extensite breakfast. Allow us to apologize for any inconvenience experienced at our property. Our goal is to make the stay of our guest as enjoyable as they would like it to be and we are always committed to meet and exceed guest expectations.  We would like to inform you that we count on a strict tracing procedure dedicated to the complaints and trouble that our guests experience during their stay in our property and, unfortunately, we have no results on a water issue in your room while at Boscolo Venezia. We are highly dedicated to our guest and try always to react quickly to all kind of problems that can be beyond our control. We appreciate that your experience at the hotel was affected by the events you described, but the hotel will be taking action, using your feedback, to ensure that any future similar events do not occur.   In closing we would like to thank you for taking the time to contact us with these valuable comments.  Kind regards, Chiara Zambianchi Vice DirectorRead more