Weekend stay using Marriot Points (Autograph Collection).  Classic old hotel. Nice lobby and rooms although hallway to room a bit bruised and ready for a little paint.  Cannot comment on spa which we unfortunately learnt at last moment was closed for renovation.  Breakfast (which was included as a Gold Member) was excellent.  Did have a snafu with the shuttle boat. We had called and booked shuttle back from St. Marcos. Found their sign at dock across from gate of royal gardens from well before until well after appointed time. Called and were told it had been and gone. After taking water bus back, Desk staff assured us they'd get to the bottom of it but never got back to us. We concluded boat was at a slip further down the dock and not next to their sign - if so their sign at the…Read moreDate of stay: December 2017HelpfulShare Response from VeneziaManager, Manager at NH Collection Venezia Grand Hotel Palazzo Dei DogiResponded Dec 29, 2017Dear valsoar, thank you for choosing Boscolo Venezia Autograph Collection for your stay in our lovely city. Every comments, positive or negative, is important for us to understand our strength and our weakness. We are particularly glad when guests have been satisfied in their expectations, but we need to know as well different point of view to professionally grow up and improve. We would like to apologize for any inconvenience you might have experienced during your stay at Boscolo Venezia. We are sorry to understand that you did not get the chance to visit our Spa. During the period of you stay it has been closed for sudden maintenance works that we could not postpone. Please allow us to apologize for the inconvenience experienced with our shuttle transportation. It is sad for us to read that the sign board that is placed close to San Marco's Square was not clear enough to identify the departure point from which our shuttle transportation departs. However, this kind of notification was rarely brought to us in the past and our guests find the boat with much ease. Please be confident that a further verification will be processed on the details reported on our schedule at San Marco's pier in order for the our precious guests to never incur in such difficulties and enjoy this comfortable and complimentary service.  At this point I hope that regardless all of the above your overall memories of the stay in our hotel are pleasant and I hope to see you back in the future.   Best Regards,    Chiara Zambianchi Vice Director  Read more