Located on the Northern tip of Venice this lovely hotel is away from the busy, and potentially noisy locations of its competitors. Venice isn't large enough, if you are fit and able, for you to be too far to walk to any destination from any starting point. There are regular water buses, and numerous (expensive) water taxi's, as well as Gondola's (£70 for 30 mins) if walking isn't your thing. The staff at the hotel are knowledgeable, friendly and accommodating, as well as efficient, Allessio, in particular, is one of the best I have met in any hotel in any location and a credit to the brand that he represents. Venice is charming, we spent four days exploring it on foot (32 miles!), and reckon that we covered all the points of interest. Avoid buying, eating, or drinking anything…Read moreDate of stay: December 2017HelpfulShare Response from VeneziaManager, Vice-Director at NH Collection Venezia Grand Hotel Palazzo Dei DogiResponded Dec 12, 2017Dear Anthony H,  Thank you for choosing Boscolo Venezia Autograph Collection and for taking the time to share your feedback on your recent visit with us.  First of all, we would like to apologize if the operators of the glass factory did not make you feel comfortable during your visit. We will surely pass your comment to them so that in future occasions they will keep your words in consideration in order to guarantee a more enjoyable visit offered with the due caring and welcoming attitude.  On the other hand, we feel thankful for this note as much as for the marvelous review on your time spent in our property. The staff feels over the moon after reading the appreciation you shared and motivated to do better and better every day. Our guests have the opportunity to live the unique atmosphere of our beautiful city while enjoying the colorful and elegant ambience of a historical palace. We are happy to learn that you managed to venture the small alleyways and explore all the hidden corners of our island: your precious insights and suggestions will certainly help future visitors making their time in the island worth and memorable.  We very much look forward to giving you soon our warm welcome back to Venice and reconfirm the commitment to our guests’ satisfaction you recently had the chance to take advantage of. In the meantime, please accept our best regards,  Chiara Zambianchi Vice-Director Read more