We stayed at the Boscolo for three nights at the end of October, the initial impressions were good, we dined their the first night. The meal was both disappointing and expensive, we did not eat their again other than breakfast, bacon and eggs but not as you know it, again rather expensive and not overly impressive, the continental version was good.  Nice large rooms, however, air con non functional, apparently been switched onto winter, therefore we had only two settings, "hot or off", seeing as it was not cold the rooms were uncomfortably hot.  Sorry still moaning, the plumbing is random, the worse kind of shower hot then cold and very difficult to find a mid point.  A lovely old building, interesting decor and fantastic gardens also the Boscolo is well located, St Marks a 15…Read moreDate of stay: November 2017HelpfulShare Response from VeneziaManager, Manager at NH Collection Venezia Grand Hotel Palazzo Dei DogiResponded Nov 8, 2017Dear bob j, Thank you for taking the time to share this detailed review with us, we value all our guests comments and use them to improve our service and offerings. We are glad to hear that you enoyed our Staff service and unbeatable location.   I have shared your concerns about our restaurant with our F&B manager and please be assured that we will take your feedback into consideration.  Our property has a central air conditioning system that is turned off during winter season and turned on during summer season. The air conditioning has been turned off on the middle of  October, because it has been very cold during those days. For  this reason we were not expecting to need air conditioning. However, the weather suddenly changed and we had an unusual  warm month.  I hope we shall have the privilege to welcome you back in a near future in order to change your feelings towards the Boscolo Venezia and to show you our usual care and attention as well as the result of our constant improvements.  Kind regards, Chiara Zambianchi Vice DirectorRead more