Approaching and stepping into this hotel feels like the living embodiment of Venetian fantasy. The Boscolo awning on the lagoon visible from the vaporetto, the quaint front entrance right on a canal in a tranquil part of town, the lobby seemingly straight from a movie set… Wonderful. My platinum status was recognized and I was upgraded to a large room that was similarly quintessential Venice. Walls covered in thick gold fabric, rich red carpets and draperies, a bathroom in mustard-yellow marble… again, wonderful. As I stayed, however, shortcomings became apparent. The wifi varied between very slow and unusable. I called the front desk a few times about this, and they would "reboot the router" -- after which it would work better for a short while, and then return to its usual…Read moreDate of stay: September 2017HelpfulShare Response from VeneziaManager, Manager at NH Collection Venezia Grand Hotel Palazzo Dei DogiResponded Sep 5, 2017Dear tai4de2, thank you very much for you lovely comments regarding our residential location, charming grounds and precious decor.  Every comments, positive or negative, is important for us to understand our strength and our weakness. We are particularly glad when guests have been satisfied in their expectations, but we need to know as well different point of view to professionally grow up and improve. We would like to apologize for any inconvenience you might have experienced during your stay at Boscolo Venezia. It appears from your feedback that there were a few challenges during your stay with Internet performance. In today’s modern world, we certainly understand how important Internet performance is to ensuring an enjoyable stay, whether it’s to stay connected with colleagues during business travel or with family and friends during leisure adventures.  We truly apologize that the service was not fully functional during your stay.  Please be assured we have shared your comments regarding water mixture blend in order to avoid similar occurrence in the future. I, along with all other hotel associates, are passionate about offering the best possible experience to all of our guests and are subsequently looking into ways to improve the reliability of our services.   We remain at your entire disposal and thank you again for your loyalty and for helping us understand in which areas we need to work. Best Regards, Chiara Zambianchi Vice Director  Read more