So I was all set to write a glowing review of this property, which is indeed very beautiful.  The rooms are large and lovely, we were in a junior suite and loved it.  It's in a very quiet part of Venice away from the hustle and bustle.  So the reason for the 1 star review is this.  When we checked out, an incorrect charge appeared on the bill. When I pointed it out, they reversed it, but then charged me for it again as a separate transaction later the same day.  I have been in contact with the hotel and Marriott Customer Service trying to resolve this to no avail for a over a month.  Marriott just keeps contacting the hotel  and the Boscolo either ignores the issue or just sends a form letter.  It's a terrible customer experience. Especially since we've been loyal Marriott…Read moreDate of stay: July 20172 Helpful votesHelpfulShare Response from VeneziaManager, Front Office Manager at NH Collection Venezia Grand Hotel Palazzo Dei DogiResponded Aug 28, 2017Dear Valued Guest,  First and foremost thank you for staying with us at our Boscolo Venezia Autograph Collection. I appreciate your feedback about the room and the location of our property.  In the meantime, I do feel sorry that, after your stay, we were not able to deliver to you the highest level of service we try to carry out day by day.  I would like to inform you that we count on a strict tracing procedure dedicated to the complaints and trouble that our guests experienced during and after their stay and also with all the issues reported through Marriott Customer Care.   I would like to inform you that I am more than pleased to give you further assistance and solve in a proactive manner your issue if we made some errors; I am at your disposal at the following e-mail address :  fo.manager@venezia.boscolo.com   We would be glad to regain your trust upon your next visit by working together to fulfill your expectancies as you deserve both in terms of facilities and service.  Sincerely,  Barbara Ghea Front Office ManagerRead more