As promise on our last review on TA, here we are telling you about our stay at Boscolo Venezia this April/May. Lately, we have been staying at Autograph Collection hotel in other cities, like Madrid, Granada and Rome, which we appreciated, and influenced our choice for our stay in Venice: we choose this hotel with the announced “contemporary comfort marries with the luxury of the epoch” to spend 4 nights during our visit to La Serenissima. We were so excited with our choice, furthermore because we are Platinum members and very loyal to the Marriott brand. This hotel is a building of a noble family from the XVII Century, located in the sestiere Cannaregio, facing the lagoon and close to the Orto vaporetto stop. At the lobby you can see beautiful afrescos and Murano chandeliers.…Read moreDate of stay: April 2017HelpfulShare Response from VeneziaManager, Front Office Manager at NH Collection Venezia Grand Hotel Palazzo Dei DogiResponded May 5, 2017Dear jorgeeantonio, We would like to thank you for your comments regarding your stay at Boscolo Venezia Autograph Collection.  Every comments, positive or negative, is important for us to understand our strength and our weakness. In particular, due to your Platinum Elite membership and considering your long term experience in travel and luxury hotel, we found your remarks very important to better improve our high level service and hotel experience.  Please accept our sincere apology for the unpleasant impression about the experience lived in our hotel.  I would like to inform you that  our property is located in Palazzo Rizzo Patarol, a wonderful residence built in the Seventeenth century and protect through the supervision of Belle Arti. For that reason sometimes maintenance is required and I have already shared your comments with the involved departments with the aim to prevent future similar situations.  Moreover, I would like to inform you that we count on a strict tracing procedure dedicated to the complaints and trouble that our guests experience during their stay in our property in fact, as soon as we received your notification we proposed you immediately to change your room. However, you refused and this fact did not allow us to take measures to quickly fix the inconvenience, that we would have been glad to provide. Furthermore, you requested us for a list of needed for which we provided, together with a letter where I offered you my whole assistance for any other request or requirement.  Please accept our apologies once again and we assure you that should your steps ever lead you back to Venice, we would be glad to regain your trust both in terms of services and facilities and treat you as our most valued guest.  We remain at your entire disposal and thank you again for your loyalty and for helping us understand in which areas we need to work. Best Regards  Martina Malusa Assistant Front Office Manager Read more