So like many Venice hotels this hotel is located far from the airport, and you need to get there by boat.  It would've been extremely helpful of the staff to have sent us helpful information on how to get to the hotel from the airport.  Especially given the circumstances.  We wasted €50 euro on a taxi that took us to a place we still had to walk 25 minutes in pouring rain to get to.   When we called the hotel they didn't offer the clearest directions either.  Upon arriving at the hotel, which was booked as part of the AmEx platinum Hotel Collection, we were told (Pablo, night time desk attendant) we had been upgraded but then when I asked about the $75 credit for spa, meals etc.  he let slip he didn't realize we had booked through AmEx so he would apply th credit.  And even…Read moreDate of stay: April 2017HelpfulShare Response from VeneziaManager, Front Office Manager at NH Collection Venezia Grand Hotel Palazzo Dei DogiResponded Apr 18, 2017Dear Valued Guest,   Thank you for taking the time for your feedback regarding to your recent stay at the Boscolo Venezia, Autograph Collection.   As we pride ourselves on delivering a memorable hotel experience during your travels, we have unfortunately fallen short of our goal during your recent stay. We deeply apologize for the issues experienced during your stay at Boscolo Venezia. Regarding the A/C, we do confirm that the information provided to you by our Front Desk Staff was accurate, as the Air Conditioner /Heating system is regulated by governmental laws. In fact, it has been only two days ago that we were able to finally switch our system to Air Conditioner. Probably you found the lobby's temperature to be fresher, since it is an open space. Nevertheless, the conditioning system is still centralized given that our property is an antique palace.  We are truly sorry about your trouble when coming from the airport. The information you received during your first phone call to the hotel follows the standard one given to all our guests. The inconvenience happened is something we regret very much, as it is the first occasion in which it occurs. As your reservation was done by an external agent, unfortunately we did not have the chance to send our usual informative pre-arrival letter with directions and useful tips. We do thank you for your useful suggestion in any case, that has been put to our Management's knowledge.  Upholding our commitment to provide a memorable experience with exceptional service, we hope to have an opportunity to better your experience with us whenever your travels bring you back to Venice. Of course, do not hesitate to address to us whether you feel like sharing further information with us. These are the most useful tools we have in order to improve our services. Feel free to write to fo.manager@venezia.boscolo.com.  Barbara Ghea Front Office ManagerRead more