The staff of this Hotel are outstanding at their jobs.  The Hotel itself is situated in a very quiet area of the city away from the crowds and the noisey foot traffic.  The Hotel needs updating and a remodel as the rooms are dark and in my opinion dreary.  The bathrooms are very nice but the first three nights we stayed in the room the water would be hot one minute and cold the next.  You could not control this.  The last night we stayed after our cruise it was perfect in another room.  The Hotel shut the air conditioning offf when we arrived and the rooms were very hot and the windows open allowed the mosquitos in and we were bitten up.  They gave us a fan which helped but we were still very warm.  The concierge Ivan is wonderful to deal with and he helped our group of ten…Read moreDate of stay: October 2019HelpfulShare Response from VeneziaManager, Front Office Manager at NH Collection Venezia Grand Hotel Palazzo Dei DogiResponded Oct 23, 2019Dear  bigglow,  Thank you for choosing to stay at the Grand Hotel Dei Dogi, The Dedica Anthology, Autograph Collection.  I’m glad to read that you enjoyed the stay in our hotel and that you highlight our strengths, in particular the location and the Staff.  Our staff is daily working to make feel special every single guest, our Concierge Ivan is the best one to give suggestions to discover Venice and our  Cannaregio district where you could feel the lovely atmosphere of the authentic Venetian life in a historical palace as The Grand Hotel dei Dogi.  We are currently doing renovation but of course we must keep the essence of this place and the Venetian style.  Regarding the issue with the air conditioning we are aware that this October has been unexpectedly warm and unfortunately, as per Venetian municipality, we are not allow to have the air conditioning on after the 15th of October.  Feedbacks like yours are vital in order to improve the quality of our Service and would like to thank you for sharing this.  It would be our honor to welcome you back and provide you an excellent hotel experience upon your next visit to Venice.  Best regards,  Andrea Sampietro Front Office Manager andrea.sampietro@dahotels.com   www.dahotels.com/venezia Fondamenta Madonna dell’Orto Calle Larga Piave 3500 30121 Venezia + 39 041 220 8111 Follow us on: Facebook – Instagram – LinkedinRead more