Checked out of Boscolo this morning and to my surprise the rate I was charged was 200 euro more than the published price of not only today but of the time I made the reservation back in January. This was one of the worst front desk check-in /check-out experiences of my 35 seasoned years as a traveler. It is shameful that the Marriot name is associated with this hotel. This was not the Marriot Service that members can normally trust.  If Claudio greets you at the front desk ask for someone else, or run to another hotel. Don't even let him start talking. He won't ever stop...and when he gets going the talking gets faster and faster until what's left of your jet lagged brain is in complete melt down  You won't get a word in edge wise. In my fog I tried to say, while he talked over…Read moreDate of stay: June 2016HelpfulShare Response from VeneziaManager, Front Office Manager at NH Collection Venezia Grand Hotel Palazzo Dei DogiResponded Jun 13, 2016Dear Guest, Thank you for taking the time to write such a detailed review.  We cannot express how sorry we are about the misunderstand, let me try to explain better the situation. As per Marriott procedure , when a reservation with points cannot be confirm due to partial points missing, guests have 2 options: purchase the missing points with Marriott or change the rate of the reservation by paying the rate of the day (updated at the time of the arrival). Guest has to decide which options he prefer at the check-in time and this is what it occurred upon your arrival. Regarding your complaint about the difference in the rate please understand that since January through June certainly the rate would have been changed accordingly to seasonality, market dictates and hotel occupancy.  We appreciate very much your comment “the rest of Staff is wonderful” and we hope you enjoyed the exclusively venetian atmosphere of our 17th century Palace with its unique romantic garden.  We really  wish to have the opportunity to host you again and regain your trust in our Boscolo Venezia Autograph Collection. Best Regards  Martina Malusa Assistant Front Office Manager  Read more