The Pros: The Boscolo is a beautiful and extremely picturesque hotel. Each room is (I believe) unique as befits a converted palazzo. The bed is comfortable, and the shower is both hot, and has good pressure.   The hotel is situated in Canareggio, and is an easy walk (10-15 min) from the train station, over a few of the shorter bridgest in Venice. It is very convenient to the ghetto, and far (30 min plus walk) from San Marco, but the hotel does offer a complimentary water taxi which you must book in advance.  The staff is friendly, and the hotel is quiet as it is off the main drag, and in a neighborhood that feels very "local."   The cons: The wifi is truly unreliable, and you have to sign in on a regular basis to get internet access. it is NOT suitable for a business traveler,…Read moreDate of stay: March 2016HelpfulShare Response from VeneziaManager, Vice Director at NH Collection Venezia Grand Hotel Palazzo Dei DogiResponded Apr 4, 2016Dear Guest, Thank you for taking the time to share your recent experience at the Boscolo Venezia, Autograph Collection with us.  We are happy you enjoyed the beauty and the special features of our ancient Palace Rizzo Patarol.  It appears from your feedback that there were a few challenges during your stay with Internet performance. I truly apologize that the service was not fully functional during your stay. I, along with all other hotel associates, are passionate about offering the best possible experience to all of our guests and are subsequently looking into ways to improve the reliability of our Internet service.  Our offer of about 60 tv channels is thought to satisfy the request international  customers and meet different requirements. We are sorry to understand that their variety did not satisfy expectations.  We are glad you enjoyed our free shuttle taxi to San Marco and would like to inform you that starting from high season our service will be increased with 25 seats boat and more runs.  Please accept our apology for not meeting your expectations about staff service during your stay. Our aim is to provide all guests with an unforgettable hotel experience and your feedback is an important part of that process. We sincerely apologize for our shortcomings and will share your feedback with the appropriate hotel team.  We hope you choose to stay with us whenever your travels bring you back to Venice. Kind Regards, Chiara Zambianchi Vice DirectorRead more