Assigned a room with broken air conditioner. Staff “thought it was previously fixed” but after complaining 3 times in two hours (from 2-4pm, room was 26C!! And rising), they did nothing. It was clear it wasn’t fixed and was still hot upon return in the evening. By then, all rooms had been assigned and there was no option to ch age rooms.   Instead they suggested we give up our one full day in Venice to pack up and change rooms the next day at an indeterminate time (“whenever it is ready”). We declined to give up our precious vacation time to sit around and accommodate a problem they clearly already knew existed.   At checkout, upon prompting, I was given a brief apology but nothing else. No offer of compensation or reduction of bill. No offer of points for our sleeping in a room…Read moreDate of stay: August 2019HelpfulShare Response from VeneziaManager, Manager at NH Collection Venezia Grand Hotel Palazzo Dei DogiResponded Aug 26, 2019Dear MphsQueen,   Thank you for choosing to stay at the Grand Hotel Dei Dogi, The Dedica Anthology, Autograph Collection and providing your feedback.    Our goal is to make the stay of our guest as enjoyable as they would like it to be and we are always committed to meet and exceed guest expectations.  Regarding the air conditioning, we completely understand that these has been an issue. During your stay with us the weather temperature in Venice  has been extremely exceptional and unusual, which made it difficult for us to cope with the heat. We are sorry that you did not take the chance to move to a different room with a more comfortable situation regarding air conditioning as we are sure that the solution proposed by our Reception Staff could have enhanced your experience. Allow me to inform you that we already took all the internal steps to have the points due for your stay credited in your account. In closing we would like to thank you for taking the time to contact us with these valuable comments. We appreciate that your experience at the hotel was affected by the events you described, but the hotel will be taking action, using your feedback, to ensure that any future similar events do not occur.   We hope to serve you again whenever your travels bring you back to Venice.  Sincerely, Chiara Zambianchi Hotel ManagerRead more