Used a lot of Marriott points for night one and then paid for the other 2 nights..loved the location..quiet and away from the tourist areas..but wow getting here from train station..definitely need some direction..instructions for boat or pick up could be in the pre check email?  Check in..ouch the man didn't care that we were so exhausted after walking so far..zero sympathy.. Then it was NO breakfast for you..even though I was sure we booked every hotel w included breakfast.. Room was just OK...did not wow me. On a trip to Europes finest venues - I am looking for wow..Clean room, but some type Of powder or cleaning solution made me sneeze and cough.. Stuffy and smelly made me keep windows open which brought in biting Mosquitos. We stayed at Hotel Danieli and the Pitti Westin in…Read moreDate of stay: November 2014HelpfulShare Response from VeneziaManager, Front Office Manager at NH Collection Venezia Grand Hotel Palazzo Dei DogiResponded Nov 17, 2014Thank you for staying with us at Boscolo Venezia and thank you for your kind feedback.  Please accept our apologies for this stay not living up to your expectations, our goal is always to resolve our guest’s queries and concerns as effectively as possible.   With regards to the transportation and Hotel's location, our Concierge desk is always at the customer's disposal to give information and suggestion, as well as before and during the guest stay, since we perfectly understand that the city of Venice is logistically different from other cities.   We would like to underline that our hotel is located in a residential area, where customer can breathe the real atmosphere of Venice and out from the crowded San Marco Square. For this reason we believe that our Hotel location is one of the best features offered to our guest. In addition we offer to our guest a free shuttle boat from and to the historical centre.   We are deeply sorry to hear that our Staff was unprofessional and gave you so a bad feeling. That is exactly the opposite of what we usually do because our purpose is to create in the hotel a family atmosphere and  we would like that the Guest feel at home.  Your feedback is very valuable for us and I hope you may consider it as one off and not reflective to our high quality of service we try to deliver every day and I hope we will have the chance to welcome you back and provide an exceptional hotel experience.  Regards,Read more