My wife and I spent 2 nights at this wonderful hotel and it simply made our trip to Venice even more amazing!  The hotel is simply stunning with art deco Murano glass and lovely modern touches whilst retaining it's typical Venetian features.  Our room was spacious, comfortable, had all the typical features you would expect and had a wonderful view over the grand canal. Waking up to this view with the morning sun was so relaxing!   We had breakfast and one evening meal in the garden terrace that overlooks the grand canal. It's such a great setting! Relaxing and peaceful in the morning whilst being able to have a cocktail in the early evening whilst the gondolas pass by! On our last day they had a wedding in the garden and it looked amazing!  The food was excellent, the breakfast and evening menu were small but in my opinion this leads to high quality dining and the presentation of all dishes was superb! The dishes were still varied with healthy options and some Italian classics.  However what really sets this hotel apart is its level of service! Arriving via water taxi we were simply treated like royalty the moment from the moment we set foot in the hotel.  Everyone remembered our names, management, concierge, front of house staff, even our room cleaner and greeted us with a smile and such a warm welcome that we couldnt help but be charmed.  The management clearly have a focus on customer service at this hotel and it has filtered all the way through. It's in there ethos and you can tell.  Regarding covid measures I felt safer than being in the UK. Everyone is wearing masks, sanitizing hands, regular cleaning is evident and the staff will happily press 2 items for you per day however they have to wash it first. Fully confident that the St Regis is putting customers, staff and there safety first!  If you are travelling or thinking of going to Venice then this is the hotel you want to book! Its location is 2 minutes walk from St Mark's Square.  A big thank you to the staff and management at the St Regis for making our stay so fabulous and we can't wait to come back again!…