 The Palazzo Venart's location is ideal: It is a little off the most beaten paths in a very calm alley in the north of Venice's main island and its backyard faces the Canale Grande. San Stae Vaporetto pier is only few steps away from the hotel. But even if you prefer walking, all major attractions of the Centro Storico can be reached easily - if you do not mind getting lost in the labyrinthe of Venetian alleys and canals at times.   Our standard room was nice with its antique-style interior and mostly clean although the smell from the bathroom was not the best. Still, the bedroom's and especially the bathroom's decors were pleasant to quite an extent considering Venice's hotel market is pretty challenging.   The hotel staff was generally friendly and helpful. Neverthelss, our request regarding late check was not handled perfectly - unfortunately the maximum extension we could be granted was one hour after a very complicated request process.   But now let us move to the accommodation's highlight, its outstanding restaurant. The breakfast is served in the most beautiful and serene courtyard inside the historical Palazzo surrounded by flowers, trees, a fountain and wild pigeons. This creates a unique atmosphere. In the first morning, we were the first to arrive for breakfast, which resulted in a slightly uncomfortable situation, also due to the staff's ceremonial handling of the breakfast, to which we became perfectly used from the second day. The quality of breakfast dishes such as croissants, cold cuts, cheese, tartes, spaghetti and toast was absolutely outstanding, only surpassed by the spectecular dinner we had at the hotel's Glam restaurant one evening. Dinner pricing (150 Euros for an extensive tasting menu) was very fair, while mini bar and room service prices were astronomical (for example 12 Euros for one cappuccino).  Only the kitchen is for sure worth a visit at Palazzo Venart…Read moreDate of stay: August 2020Trip type: Traveled as a couple1 Helpful voteHelpfulShare Response from Elisa Carraro, Guest Services / Front Office at Palazzo Venart Luxury HotelResponded Sep 20, 2020Dear Stefan K, thanks for taking the time to share your recent experience at Palazzo Venart. We are glad to read that you fully enjoyed your experience at our restaurant Glam and you appreciated the room's decorations and atmosphere. On a less positive note we are sad to read that you something went wrong during your stay and we would like to apologize for any incovenience we may have caused. We all look forward to welcoming you back in Venice! Kindest regards, The Palazzo Venart team Read more