We stayed here for my husband's 50th birthday at the beginning of June and we're really pleased we stayed here rather than in the busier tourist area around Rialto. It is a truly lovely hotel, a wonderful calm oasis in the chaos of what is some parts of the city.  The rooms are opulent and very quiet and the beds are super comfortable.  My husband is a very light sleeper and he said that this was the best night's sleep he had experienced on a city break anywhere.  The staff are a credit to the hotel. They are attentive without being too formal and very friendly and helpful.   It is a beautifully decorated and furnished hotel with great access to the cheaper Alilaguna public water buses at the San Ste stop which is a minute's walk from the hotel, if you don't fancy paying a…Read moreDate of stay: June 2017HelpfulShare Response from PalazzoVenart, Responsabile reception at Palazzo Venart Luxury HotelResponded Sep 10, 2017Dear traceyc959, We would like to say "Grazie!" for sharing your detailed review and wonderful comments. We were absolutely dellighted to welcome you on such a special birthday occasion and it was a pleasure to spoil you a little! We are so glad to know that you appreciated the tranquil location of our palace: our hotel is indeed in a very peaceful corner, but nevertheless gives you the opportunity to visit Venice easily. Also, we are particularly happy to read that you found our beds comfortable and that you loved our breakfast, as we believe that these details are what really makes you start the day in the right way! And last but not least, thank you for mentioning our attentive and friendly team - we are so proud when we know that we could make the difference for your lovely couple during your stay. So, thank you again for letting us know that you spent some quality time in this magical city and that we have been part of your Venetian experience! We all look forward to welcoming you back to Palazzo Venart in the future. All the best from Alice Dionisio - and the Palazzo Venart and GLAM TeamRead more