With only 18 rooms, this former palace open only about a year now is very private, peaceful and relaxing.   After having a bad meal elsewhere, we decided to have dinner at the hotel. The small dining room was charming and the Michelin star chef's  preparations were creatively designed and masterfully executed.    Our breakfast was wonderfully prepared as well with fresh fruit and a large plate of croissants along with    a veggie omelet and fresh juice.    The staff is all friendly and attentive and helpful.    We had a suite which not only had a bedroom and huge bathroom but also had a giant walk in closet and a sitting area and living area. It was also decorated for a king. There's a view of the canal too.   This place is exquisite.  It's a special unique property for anyone…Read moreDate of stay: August 2017HelpfulShare Response from PalazzoVenart, Responsabile reception at Palazzo Venart Luxury HotelResponded Aug 8, 2017Dear Guest, On behalf of all the team and our General Manager, I would like to sincerely thank you for such a fantastic review on TripAdvisor, for completing our survey and for being so kind to contact us by email with further suggestions. We are so delighted to read that you were positively impressed by our recently opened hotel and that you appreciated many aspects of your stay. Without any doubts, the best compliment that you paid to us is that you highlighted the attitude of our staff and the quality of the service, so thank you so much for mentioning our passionate team! We are very happy to know that you spent some quality time in this magical city and that we have been part of the experience. It is also great to know that you appreciated our GLAM restaurant's food. We have passed your wonderful comments to our chef - who is definitely a great asset to our hotel, and surely your beautiful words motivated them to keep up the great work!  We are glad to know that you had a pleasant time and look forward to welcoming you back to Palazzo Venart! Warm regards, Alice Dionisio - and all the teamRead more