The hotel organized a water tax to collect us from the airport and whilst this was a fantastic way to get to the hotel and have an introduction to the city's waterways, it was expensive at €170. We were only staying for two nights and were welcomed on the jetty to the hotel on the Grand Canal by 3 or 4 members of staff and the welcome was very friendly and extremely professional. Our room was large, if a little dark, with a large sitting area, king sized bed, dressing area and a small but lavish bathroom. The décor is very traditional and of high quality and the hotel was very quiet being a few stops on the water bus from the really trippy parts such as the Rialto Bridge and market and onwards to St Marks Square. Breakfast at the hotel was very good with pastries, fruit, cereal,…Read moreDate of stay: May 2017HelpfulShare Response from PalazzoVenart, Responsabile reception at Palazzo Venart Luxury HotelResponded Jun 7, 2017Dear Peter T, We would like to thank you sincerely for your kind review! We are happy to read that overall you had a pleasant experience at Palazzo Venart and that you appreciated the décor of the palace as well as its convenient location. Above all, we are thrilled to read that we were able to show you the welcoming attitude of our team from the very beginning and throughout your stay! And of course, we are so glad that you enjoyed our à-la-carte breakfast, served at the GLAM Restaurant by Enrico Bartolini. As for the price of the transfer, please note that our main aim is to offer our guests an exclusive and seamless service, so that they start enjoying Venice as soon as they step out of the airport, and that is the reason why we always try to offer the best possible price with partners who can guarantee high quality. Nevertheless we would like to sincerely thank you for sharing your impression and we will take good note of your constructive comments. Looking forward to welcoming you back in the future! Kindest regards, Alice Dionisio - and the Palazzo Venart teamRead more