My husband and I spent a weekend here back in November; it was absolutely lovely and we would return. Some thoughts;  - easy to walk to from the train station - service was absolutely impeccable - room was gorgeous - hotel is tucked away in a quiet nook - water taxi within quick reach - awesome breakfast  We only had two minor issues that we were hoping to chat with the hotel manager about at check out, but he was not there -- provided as an aside for anyone who might encounter the same issues;   - we ordered a bottle of wine in the restaurant that was not good (both in smell and taste; happens every once in awhile -- we would never send back a bottle that we just didn't like though that is typically an option at high end restaurants). this is the first restaurant we've ever…Read moreDate of stay: November 2016HelpfulShare Response from PalazzoVenart, Direttore generale at Palazzo Venart Luxury HotelResponded Jun 1, 2017Dear Guest, First of all we would like to thank you very much for your detailed and honest review. We are delighted to read that overall you had a pleasant stay and that you were favourably impressed by the convenient and peaceful location of our hotel, the decor and the attentive service.  However we are sincerely sad to read that on a couple of occasions we were not able to show our best service and please accept our apologies for any inconvenience caused. We truly appreciate your constructive comments, as we believe that our guests' feedback is the most valuable input to improve ourselves. Both our Front Office Manager and I do our very best to personally meet all guests upon arrival and departure to make sure they feel welcome and happy throughout their stay, leaving Palazzo Venart with the desire to be back. I am extremely sorry that we were not able to meet you in this case! I hope you will be kind enough to send me your direct phone number to guestrelation.venart@ldchotels.com, as I would love to have the opportunity to contact you and thank you personally.  I remain at your complete disposal and look forward to hearing from you soon. Kindest regards, Angelo Rizzi - General Manager at Palazzo Venart Read more