Our friend got a shoulder wrench there. No lights on the dock in front of hotel and it is also very slippery after the rain. By getting off from the water taxi in the evening our friend slipped away on the landing - we caught her just in last moment before she fall down in the water. She got damages and shock.  By hotels side there was no try to make the  situation better- no complimentary or something. The manager said -"if you don't know how it works with water taxi, such accident can happen". It is not about to get something for free but with the high prices we paid they should have made an appropriate apology. But the food was delicious, the stuff nice and rooms very elegant. One star from us than.Read moreDate of stay: March 20172 Helpful votesHelpfulShare Response from PalazzoVenart, Direttore at Palazzo Venart Luxury HotelResponded May 17, 2017Dear Traveller5555_5555, We are extremely sorry to read about your negative experience and I personally apologise for any inconvenience we may have caused to you or the Guests you were traveling with. I feel truly disconcerted to read your comments, as neither myself nor our Front Office Manager were present at the time of the event, and I am so sorry to read that you did not feel any empathic reaction from our side. We strive every day to make sure that all our Guests feel comfortable and pampered, while having the best time during their stay, and in fact the scene you described could not be further away from the attitude that we promote among our team, and from our vision! On a more positive note, we are glad to know that you appreciated many aspects of your stay and we would like to thank you for taking the time to share your positive comments.  Once again, please accept our sincere apologies and rest assured that we will do our best to prevent this kind of situation from happening again. I nevertheless hope to have the pleasure to welcome you back in the future to be able to restore you faith in Palazzo Venart, and I remain at your complete disposal if there is anything I can do from my end.  Yours sincerely, Angelo Rizzi - General Manager Read more