Just returned from a wonderful 3 night stay at the Palazzo Venart.   The hotel only opened in August and is stylish and elegant throughout.   Superbly located in a quieter and more residential part of Venice, the hotel is still near enough to the main tourist parts of Venice but also a nice distance away from the crowds. Probably a ten minute walk away from the Rilato Bridge and a twenty five minute walk from St. Marks Square.  The other advantage is that the restaurants nearby are tourist traps as they are used by the locals.   There is also a water taxi stop right next door which means you can get around Venice and beyond very easily.    Although we didn't have dinner in the restaurant, the breakfast was superb.   What sets this hotel apart from others, is the service from ALL…Read moreDate of stay: October 2016HelpfulShare Response from PalazzoVenart, Responsabile reception at Palazzo Venart Luxury HotelResponded Oct 22, 2016Dear marcushenry14, We would like to thank you sincerely for taking the time to share your beautiful review! We are happy to read that our location perfectly suited to your needs, and we also think that it is quite a privilege to enjoy Venice from a nice and more peaceful perspective - still at a stone's throw from the main attractions. Many thanks also for your kind words regarding our staff: we were all absolutely delighted to be part of your Venetian experience and to give you our contribution! With regards to our Classic room, which you correctly described as our standard category, we are happy that you could enjoy the terrace: at Palazzo Venart every room is unique and different from the other ones, and surely a private terrace is a nice benefit for our less spacious rooms. You are more than welcome to try our Restaurant GLAM for dinner next time - our chef will spoil you! Please do not hesitate to contact us directly upon your next booking. Looking forward to welcoming you back. All the best, Alice Dionisio - and the Palazzo Venart teamRead more