This hotel could be spectacular. Great location and design. But poorly run. I could go on for a while but the basics..dirty floors everywhere.. like broken pieces of bread sticks dropped on the stairs. Left for days.... A sad lounge in the 2nd floor that had empty dirty drinks glasses in it for an entire afternoon without being cleaned. And the lights off at 6pm. The welcome drink and bread delivers to our room at 2 had not been cleaned by bed time. We asked for an iron. The iron exploded in my hand shorting the power in our room. Nobody on duty knew how to find the breaker switch for our room so 4 hour later still no power and we had to dress for dinner in the dark. After dinner we returned to find the lights back on. But the AC not working - in steamy July - wasn’t working…Read moreDate of stay: July 20191 Helpful voteHelpfulShare Response from PalazzoVenart, General Manager at Palazzo Venart Luxury HotelResponded Jul 19, 2019Dear Eric O   Thank you very much for taking the time to share your recent experience at Palazzo Venart.   We are pleased to read that you enjoyed the convenient location of our property and its noble Venetian design. The entire 16th century Palazzo has been carefully restored with minute attention to details.   On a less positive note, we are genuinely disappointed to read that your experience did not meet your expectations and we sincerely apologize for any inconvenience you may have experienced.   We will of course take good note of your negative comments in the endeavor to perfect the service offered to our clients. I do however wish to say that we pride ourselves for the cleanliness in our hotel, it is one of our strengths and most of our guests compliment us in regard. As you know Venice was prisoner of a violent storm during your stay, when there is a risk the electrical system cuts off the elevator automatically for security reasons. This system is installed to protect our clients and is beyond our control.   We fully understand that you personally endured several negative situations which were, I can honestly assure you, exceptions and not the rule. Your travelling companions wrote a very positive comment in our guest book and I am sure that you will have exchanged comments and are aware that they enjoyed their stay, we sincerely endeavored to offer you a memorable experience at Palazzo Venart and are disappointed that this was not the case.   I personally tried to make amends gifting you a bottle of champagne and offering to pay for your departure transfer, I was honestly not aware that your travel agent had prepaid. It was no more than a gesture of goodwill.   We all hope that you will return to Palazzo Venart to give us a chance to help you experience our habitual client service.   Please accept my personal apologies together with those of the Palazzo Venart Team.   General Manager Angelo Rizzi Read more