Having visited Venice many times over a period of forty years (and pre-dating today’s wild overcrowding in this most unique and beautiful of cities), I have recently discovered a small luxurious hotel in a perfect location. It’s just out of the way of  “ground zero” aka Piazza San Marco, Rialto Bridge where tourists tend to flock and crowd the streets but yet it’s easily accessible to sights fort he  first time visitor as well as for many of the more esoteric delights of this magical city. As a devoted guest of the vaunted Gritti Palace, I chose to give Palazzo Venart a try due to the overwhelmingly positive reviews this small jewel enjoys as well as it’s refined location. Even before arrival, the General Manager took the trouble to engage in an email exchange about our room selections and in order to ensure a smooth arrival from the airport into a reserved water taxi. (An important tip is to prearrange for a water taxi as the queue can be quite long.) When we arrived at our lovely oasis, we were not at all disappointed. We were shown to splendidly decorated rooms. One of us had a smaller room with a commodious private terrace that proved a delightful place to relax. I had a very large atmospheric, beautifully decorated room in the traditional, typical Venetian style: Murano glass and beautiful velvets and Fortuny fabrics. There may be some ultra luxury resorts in Venice on Lido and Gianducca which are astronomically expensive and really sequestered from Venice. However to me, a small luxury hotel (where a lengthy water taxi ride is not a necessity every time you step outside),in an iconic Venetian Palazzo which has been preserved and polished for its very lucky guests makes a stay in Venice an outstanding and far more authentic experience. Every team member at Palazzo Venart was a true professional. The General Manager has had many years under his belt as manager of some of the most storied properties in Italy. The beauty of a small Palazzo converted into a hotel: all the guests experience beautiful service, accommodations and experiences. No one falls through the cracks here. We were treated as valued guests by a friendly, competent staff. I simply cannot find new superlatives to employ to praise Palazzo Venart. I’m looking forward to a warm welcome upon my return this spring.…Read moreDate of stay: September 2019ValueService2 Helpful votesHelpfulShare Response from PalazzoVenart, General Manager at Palazzo Venart Luxury HotelResponded Jan 8, 2020Dear Sam Z.   Thank you for taking the time to share your impressions of your stay  at Palazzo Venart. It’s very important for us to receive feedback from our guests be it positive or negative, as such allows us to reflect and better your service.  We are pleased that you appreciated the room decor and the atmosphere. Thank you so much for mentioning the teams positive attitude, we certainly  endeavor to offer each guest a unique personalized stay. We look forward to welcoming you back to Palazzo Venart in the near future. Kind regards.  Angelo Rizzi and Palazzo Venart team Read more