  This was our first stop on our honeymoon and it couldn’t have been more romantic.  The hotel itself was impeccable with garden and patios front and back.  The rear patio faces the grand canal, if you book a water taxi it’s door to door service.  From the vaporetto water bus (around town) or alilaguna (to and from the airport) it is literally right around the corner, use the San Stae stop.      We had the classic Room, which was small but this is a couple hundred year old building so not a surprise or shortcoming.  The bathrooms was gorgeous with waterfall shower head large tub, wonderful smelling shower gel and shampoo.  Beautiful hand painted roof beams and classic Venetian fabric wall coverings.  The beds were super comfortable and the rooms were serviced multiple times in a…Read moreDate of stay: May 2018HelpfulShare Response from PalazzoVenart, Responsabile reception at Palazzo Venart Luxury HotelResponded Jun 18, 2018Dear Rex B, We would like to thank you immensely for the beautiful review you have shared! We are so happy to know that you had a pleasant time at Palazzo Venart on this very special honeymoon occasion, and that you found our location to be very convenient for your visit. Thank you for mentioning our Front Desk staff and particularly Giacomo - it was a true pleasure for all of us to pamper you during your stay! With regards to our GLAM restaurant, we are glad that you enjoyed our chef's delicacies and the service at dinner, and we would like to thank you for your constructive feedback too. To be honest, there was one reason why we could not serve in the courtyard that evening, and that is because we had just repainted all the outdoor tables and chairs! But in retrospect, reading your comments, probably our solution turned out to be not ideal anyway.  We hope that we will have a chance to welcome you back on your next trip to Venice, so we will definitely reserve a more comfortable table for you in advance! Thank you again for your kind words. Best wishes, Alice Dionisio - and the Palazzo Venart teamRead more