We booked this hotel 6 months in advance for a much-anticipated trip to the Venice Biennale.  Less than two weeks before we arrived they told us they'd booked the entire place out to a private party and had booted us out, deposit and all.  Um, what?  Who DOES that?  They referred us to another hotel that cost more that we didn't want to stay at.  I've never had this happen to me and I'm pretty shocked.  Maybe they'll make more money in the short run, but if they do stuff like this regularly no one will want to book a room there--in case they end up homeless in Venice, like us.Read moreDate of stay: May 20184 Helpful votesHelpfulShare Response from PalazzoVenart, Direttore generale at Palazzo Venart Luxury HotelResponded Jun 18, 2018Dear TravelLovingProf, First of all, we are truly sorry for not having the opportunity to welcome you to Palazzo Venart on this occasion. Although we totally understand that everyone would generally prefer to stick to their original plan, we are also aware that unfortunately this is not always possible. And since we really care for our guests and future guests, we also know that what matters most is how we deal with inconveniences, when they occur. That is why we sincerely tried our best to find a solution for you, so that you could still enjoy your trip and certainly not end up homeless in Venice! However, we are sad to read some incorrect information in your review. For the record, we did not hold any deposit from our side, and in fact you could have cancelled the reservation until 3 days before your arrival without any charge. Secondly, in order to make up for the inconvenience, we offered to book for you the Presidential Suite of a well-known 5 star luxury hotel and to take care of the price difference, as a gesture of goodwill. Unfortunately you declined our offer and preferred to find a solution by yourself, a decision which we respect, but that obviously tied our hands on this matter and did not give us a chance to assist you further. Once again we would like to apologise sincerely for any inconvenience we may have caused and we would love to welcome you to Palazzo Venart in the future, as we trust that you would have an enjoyable experience here with us. Wishing you our best regards, Angelo RizziRead more