Venice is a city that on the face of it doesn't have a shortage of luxury hotels as it has been a tourist hot-spot for centuries. However, look a little more closely and many of these so called luxury hotels vary in degree of tiredness, for some it's confined to their lowest category rooms (think original 1980s touches) and in others it's more prevalent in the public areas too. New hotels are relatively few and far between so Palazzo Venart seemed the perfect option - a fully renovated boutique hotel with a Michelin 1* restaurant.  The location is perfect, just far enough away from the most touristy areas to have a real feeling of calm yet less than a 15 minute walk from Piazza San Marco. As it's on the Grand Canal it's very easy to take a water taxi directly to the hotel or the…Read moreDate of stay: April 2018HelpfulShare Response from PalazzoVenart, Front Office Manager at Palazzo Venart Luxury HotelResponded May 22, 2018Dear IntLTraveller21stc,  On behalf of the General Manager Angelo Rizzi and the all team, we would like to sincerely thank you for sharing your wonderful review! We are aware that Venice is a unique destination and that we are taking our first steps among pillars of luxury hospitality. We proudly strive every day to make our guests’ experience memorable and to offer a genuinely attentive service, and that is why it is such a great compliment to read that you left with the desire to be back.  We are delighted that you appreciated our peaceful and strategic location, as well as your Venetian room with a touch of modernity. Also, we are absolutely thrilled to read that you had a chance to enjoy our chef’s delicacies and that you felt warmly looked after by our young and dynamic team.  Particularly, we would like to send you a heartfelt “thank you” for taking the time to give your constructive comments regarding the housekeeping service and the other important notes you shared. This is such a valuable feedback for us and it will surely motivate us to improve as, to quote your own words, our aim is to transform something very good in something exceptional.  It was a pleasure to meet you personally and speak with you, and we all look forward to welcoming you back soon to Venice. Now you know you have your peaceful haven here and a friendly team to count on!  All the best, Alice Dionisio & the Palazzo Venart teamRead more