We enjoyed our four-night stay at the Palazzo Venart.  We stayed in a spacious and elegant ground floor room right off the courtyard garden.  The front desk staff was immeasurably helpful with advice and reservations, even giving my husband help with his fledgling Italian. The hotel's location on a quiet lane less than a block's walk from a major vaporetto stop (St. Stae), was GREAT for getting around.  St. Stae is also a stop on the Alilaguna shuttle boat to and from the airport. Upon arriving, we learned that our reservation did not include breakfast, as it had in other cities, and we were a little surprised to learn that it would be 40 euros per person each day.  With both of us eager to try the various eateries of Venice - and me being gluten-free and hesitant to spend that…Read moreDate of stay: March 2018HelpfulShare Response from PalazzoVenart, Front Office Manager at Palazzo Venart Luxury HotelResponded Apr 29, 2018Dear DSB395, We would like to thank you immensely for the beautiful review you have shared! We are very glad to know that you had a pleasant time at Palazzo Venart and that you found our location very convenient for your visit. Thank you for mentioning our Front Desk staff - it was a true pleasure for all of us to pamper you during your stay. With regards to the breakfast, we appreciate your constructive feedback. We usually give our guests the choice to enjoy a lighter breakfast if they prefer not to choose the full option, but I sincerely apologise for any inconvenience if we lacked a clear explanation on this occasion. In fact, I am glad to inform you that we have just introduced a new room rate with continental breakfast included on our website, to give our guests this option while booking the room.  We all look forward to welcoming you back on your next trip to Venice, so your husband can keep practising Italian (bravo!) and we hope that you will not miss the opportunity to try our GLAM restaurant next time. Thank you again for your kind words. Best wishes, Alice Dionisio - and the Palazzo Venart team Read more