Couldn't of been more under whelmed by this hotel. We were there to celebrate my 30th birthday, and didn't pay cheap for a two night stay. Went with reviews but we couldn't of been more wrong with our choice.  Arriving at hotel could of been better signed posted as you walk of the water taxi and it's the first right. Had asked about traveling to hotel a month before and they seemed to favour the water taxi which took over 1hour to wait for one from main airport as they seem to favour other routes over this one to san stae. We would of happily got a private one had we known this. Only ate breakfast as we wanted to explore Venice rest of time, both times breakfast was different around a 2/3 star quality. Hotel is around a 20 min walk to st Marc square. Not the best central hotel…Read moreDate of stay: August 2017HelpfulShare Response from PalazzoVenart, Responsabile reception at Palazzo Venart Luxury HotelResponded Oct 25, 2017Dear Beautifullife2015, Thank you for taking the time to share your feedback. We are genuinely sad to read that your experience did not meet your expectations and we would like to apologize for any inconvenience we may have caused. Concerning the transportation, since you had enquired about the most reasonable option financially, we simply confirmed that the waterbus was a valid option, as it runs regularly every half hour. I am sorry to hear that you had to wait longer on this occasion, which was unfortunate! Secondly, I apologize if the quality of breakfast was not up to our usual standards. We take these comments very seriously, so please rest assured that this has been addressed with our Restaurant manager. About your birthday, I am truly puzzled, as we generally arrange a little gesture when our guests celebrate a special occasion, no matter the category booked. We do not specifically guarantee a cake, but we like to make surprises, so I can only assume there was an unexpected issue of some sort, which I apologize for. I sincerely regret that we did not learn about your impressions earlier, so that we could have found the best way to make up for the inconveniences and turn your stay into a positive experience. We sincerely hope to have the opportunity of welcoming you back soon so we may restore your faith in Palazzo Venart.  Best regards, Alice Dionisio Read more