It's a very pretty place and recently fitted out but the staff (including the restaurant staff at dinner) were slick and efficient, rather than making any great effort at welcoming their guests. We booked 3 specific rooms on the top floor (303, 304 & 305 - they all have balcony space) because we wanted to be together as a family. We got 303 & 304 but not the third room, with no real apology even though they had been asked to notify us if it wasn't possible (just: 'thank you for your understanding’, which was not an accurate reflection of how we felt). All rooms were standard rooms and maybe that was the problem; perhaps the service is better if you book a suite (expensive) or a larger room. 304 is small (I could open and shut the wardrobe whilst lying in bed) but had a nice…Read moreDate of stay: September 2017HelpfulShare Response from PalazzoVenart, Responsabile reception at Palazzo Venart Luxury HotelResponded Oct 4, 2017Dear AdaminLondon1, We would like to thank you sincerely for sharing your comments after your recent stay at Palazzo Venart. With regards to your request for adjoining rooms, as we had already advised upon booking, unfortunately we are really unable to guarantee specific allocation of room numbers in a 18-room palace, but what we can guarantee is that we will always try our best to accommodate our guests' preferences, when possible. In this case, we were happy to assign two Classic rooms with balconies next to each other, and we apologise if we were not lucky enough to assign the third room too, which was already occupied by other guests from the previous days. Our staff's attentive and friendly attitude is often considered our main strength by our guests, I am truly sad to note that on this occasion we apparently failed to tailor our service to your needs. I can only assure you that we genuinely like to see our guests happy, regardless of the room category booked!  Surely we are very happy to read that you enjoyed your experience at our GLAM restaurant both for breakfast and dinner, and we have taken good note of your constructive comments - please rest assured that we will take your valuable feedback into consideration to improve our service. I sincerely hope that we will have a chance to welcome you back and make sure you live a better experience with us.  Wishing you our best regards, Alice Dionisio - and the Palazzo Venart TeamRead more