The hotel is located very close to the airport and the conference center. On the inside, it has modern, cool vibe. Our standard double room was spacious enough and with stylish furniture. The isolation is very good and while you can hear planes starting and landing, it definitely didn't feel like it was happening next door. Room equipment was below average considering the price (small desk, slow internet, no tub, small selection of cosmetics, no coffee maker). I deduct one star for not offering complimentary water for a 250 € room. We arrived thirsty late on a Friday evening and were forced to pay 3.20 € for 200 mL of water. Not okay. The friendly receptionist asked us if we needed a wake-up call, we sayd "Yes, at 6:30" and he noted it down. The call never came and we were just…Read moreDate of stay: September 2017HelpfulShare Response from moevenpickhotel1, Manager at Mövenpick Hotel Stuttgart AirportResponded Oct 3, 2017Dear Guest,  Thank you for having shared your detailed feedback about your stay in our property. We are pleased that you are fond of our location as well as our hotel decor and the sumptuous breakfast buffet. Thank you also for highlighting our attentive service staff during the breakfast.  We regret that we could not meet your expectations regarding the equipment in your room. All rooms are equipped with coffee/tea making facilities. In our higher room categories, you enjoy extra benefits like a bottle of water and a coffeemaker with Mövenpick coffee. Our Junior Suites and Suites are additionally equipped with a separate bathtub.   Concerning the internet connection, we offer free Wifi in the entire hotel with a generally good speed of one MBit. You can book directly a higher bandwidth when you are logged in. Otherwise our reception team will likely help you. For more questions about the internet connection, please do not hesitate to contact them during your next stay.  We are working with the best price policy which means that we always offer the best available room price at the time of the booking. The price setting depends on many factors, like vacationnor weekend, trade fairs and congresses in Stuttgart, meetings and conventions in our hotel and further influences. Most international hotel chains are working with these price settings. On the website of Mövenpick Hotels & Resorts we offer always the best available rates and early booking offers, on which you can save up to 30% depending on the length of stay. All our rooms have a minimum size of 28 m² which is usually offered in hotels of higher categories.   We would like to sincerely apologize for the wake-up call, which did not occur. The handling of the wake-up calls is highly relevant for us and checked by the late and the night shift as standard. We regret the failure and have already discussed it in our team.   Please be assured, that the handling of the situation at the check-out and the circumstances in our restaurant do not meet the standard of our hotel.  Our philosophy is to delight our guests with a professional and careful service and we once more apologize for the inconvenience.   Dear guest, we certainly hope that you will consider visiting with us again in the future so that we have the possibility to provide you the true Mövenpick service you should have received already.  Kind regards  Jürgen Köhler – General Manager, Mövenpick Hotel Stuttgart Airport Read more