Location is perfect if you have an early flight. This hotel would pass any benchmark with all the Sheraton airport and Sofitel airport of the world with flying colors. Rooms are large, modern design, very quiet despite the fact that the airport is right across the road. Absolutely no noise from neighbors though the hotel was full. Very nice bathroom decorated with some kind of slate tiles, and a comfy Italian shower apart from the bath. Breakfast is good per international standards. Dinner was much less convincing, just bland international food with no twist from the Chef. My only problem is that I stayed there during a big Fair, and prices were ridiculously high, then value, at this occasion, was not good at all. Other frustration is the “free WIFI”. If you choose the no-pay…Read moreDate of stay: February 2016HelpfulShare Response from moevenpickhotel1, Guest Relations at Mövenpick Hotel Stuttgart AirportResponded Feb 5, 2016Dear Guest,  Thank you so much for sharing your feedback of your most recent visit to the Mövenpick Hotel Stuttgart Airport & Messe.  It is great to read that you found our location convenient as well as the large and well-designed rooms and the comfortable bathroom. We are happy that you experienced our rich breakfast buffet which contains sustainable and regional products and provide a wide variety of food.  I regret that you didn’t enjoy the dinner at the restaurant “Trollinger”. Please be sure that this is not our regular high standard. Regarding your comment concerning the costs I can tell you, that we are always working with the Best Rate Guarantee. Our rates are reduced on weekends or on holidays. Additionally we offer special pre-booking rates with separate conditions and terms of payment.  Our free internet is offered with a bandwidth of 1 mbps and we receive constant positive feedback. Most hotels offer free internet access with a bandwidth of 512 kbps or even only 256 kbps. We do offer a bandwidth of 10 mbps for EUR 5 and 100 mbps for EUR 25.  We will look forward to welcoming you back again in the not too distant future and for the meantime we wish you all the best.  Kind regards  Anja Winter – Guest Relations, Mövenpick Hotel Stuttgart Airport & Messe Read more