A typical business hotel experience very conveniently located for the airport and the ICS and Messe.  Comfortable but unremarkable room.  Free wifi good for the business traveller.  Some elements of customer service could do with improvement:  told no need to reserve for dinner (but not tables available when went down).  Unsure why you'd tell visitors about the bar when it's closed all evening for a private function - a word of warning and maybe an apology for reduced offering would be more appropriate.  Dinner was OK once seated, but slow service.   I passed on the expensive breakfast.  Would use again if at the Messe (rating location as excellent for Messe, not Stuttgart city), but there's nothing particularly out of the ordinary at this hotel.Read moreDate of stay: November 2015HelpfulShare Response from moevenpickhotel1, Guest Relations at Mövenpick Hotel Stuttgart AirportResponded Nov 24, 2015Dear Guest,  Thank you very much for sharing your feedback of your most recent experience with us at the Mövenpick Hotel Stuttgart Airport & Messe. It is always helpful for us to get feedback on how our guests such as yourself are feeling within the hotel, as improvements can only be made following valuable comments.  We are truly sorry that your experience with us wasn't a memorable one and we will certainly share your remarks with the entire team. Firstly I would like to offer you my sincere apologies for the wrong information you got from my colleagues regarding the opening times at the bar as well as the service experience. Please be assured, that your experience didn’t met our idea from our regular high quality hospitality and again I like to apologize for this inconveniences.  We only wish that we had been made aware of these issues before your departure so that appropriate action could have been taken. This would have guaranteed that your stay with us would have ended with a positive mind.   We look forward to welcoming you back in the not too distant future so we can craft a memorable experience providing you with True Mövenpick Service.  Kind regards,  Anja Winter – Guest Relations, Mövenpick Hotel Stuttgart Airport & MesseRead more