Hotel is great. Great location, easy to access, all the amenities. The issue is the parking garage. They make you go get your ticket validated at the desk to add it to your room. I waited 20 minutes in the morning and was late to my meeting.   Then, it didn't work each day after that. So I was stuck at the gate with cars behind me an no way to get out. I get to the desk and they tell me it works. Um, I was there. It doesn't. So after I argue with them, they fix it and say, Oh yeah, it wasn't working. No "sorry," no apology at all. They say it should work the next day.   Next day, same thing. Doesn't work. Go all the way back to hotel and front desk, again trying to get to the office. Guy proceeds to restock the apples before taking care of my issue.   All in all, this is enough…Read moreDate of stay: November 2015HelpfulShare Response from jkoehler, Geschäftsführer at Mövenpick Hotel Stuttgart AirportResponded Nov 11, 2015Dear Guest,   thank you very much for having taken the time to rate your stay at the Mövenpick Hotel  Stuttgart  Airport & Messe on Tripadvisor. It is a great pleasure to read that you enjoyed the location as well as our amenities.   Regarding your comment concerning your parking experience we have to say ”sorry” for the way of handling and ”sorry” that you have experienced such circumstances.  Every step you write us is not according to our service standards. Just as a small explanation but not to be used as an excuse: there is a coin machine in the garage where you can directly pay for the car however, as the carpark is not managed by us, we could not give a rebate as we do.  We therefore have to ask our guest to come to the reception. It is certainly not always possible to do this without waiting time however, the way it was handled and managed by us is certainly not acceptable. We will definitely use your comment to ensure, that something like this will not happen again.  Dear “Guest”, I want to thank you once again for this valuable feedback and send my sincere apologies from the whole team.  I hope that you will accept this apology and that we can persuade you to visit us once again and show you that we can do better during your next stay. Please make your reservation directly through my office at Juergen.koehler@movenpick.com .  In the meantime I wish you all the best and remain with best regards   Juergen Koehler General ManagerRead more