The facilities is good in this hotel, however, they can't arrange your reservation based on your booking. Once hotel fully booking, they forced you to accept the room without inform you in advanced. Normally, the check-in time is 3pm for most of five start hotels, however, the room is not ready yet until 4-5pm and still requested us to wait for it. I can't imagine this is what five stars hotel - Mövenpick offered. Although we just stayed one night, this is a very unhappy and disappointment experience.  Read moreReview collected in partnership with Mövenpick Hotels & ResortsDate of stay: September 2015HelpfulShare Response from jkoehler, General Manager at Mövenpick Hotel Stuttgart AirportResponded Sep 30, 2015Dear Guest, Thank you for sharing your feedback of your most recent visit to the Mövenpick Hotel Stuttgart Airport & Messe. It is always helpful for us to get feedback on how our guests such as yourself are feeling within the hotel, as improvements can only be made following valuable comments.  I sincerely regret to read, that you had difficulties during your check-in and that you had to wait for some time. It is right that the check-in time is at 3pm and I regret that you can’t check in earlier. We also would like to apologize that our team member missed to clearly inform you about the reason. After sell out nights it happens by exception that we are not able to supply clean rooms as fast requested by arriving guests and unfortunately it hit you this time. Please rest assured that I will certainly share your feedback with the entire team to make sure such an incident doesn’t reoccur.   I would like to get in contact with you to find out what we can do in order that you will give us another opportunity to properly serve you and to comprehend what’s happen. I can be reached through hotel.stuttgart.airport.sales@moevenpick.com. I look forward to welcoming you back in the not too distant future so we can craft a memorable experience providing you with True Mövenpick Service.  Sincerely   Juergen KoehlerRead more