... within walking distance to the terminals (no shuttle needed, just cross the street). The rooms feature what you would call ‘currently in fashion’ interior including the ubiquitous see-through shower and frosted-glass bathroom doors. The beds are ok and the basic WiFi is free and works well. However, you can purchase faster internet if you wish. Here’s one thing: Phone signal around the hotel was very poor. You would expect the opposite next to a busy airport, but turns out that if you’re with the wrong provider, you might have to stick to the hotel’s WiFi to load anything on your mobile phone. The restaurant wants to be nice, but disappoints a little by mostly having Swiss dishes on the menu. Ah yes, Mövenpick are a Swiss venture. You can’t blame the restaurant, but a few…Read moreDate of stay: September 2015HelpfulShare Response from moevenpickhotel1, Guest Relations at Mövenpick Hotel Stuttgart AirportResponded Sep 7, 2015Dear Guest,  Thank you very much for sharing your feedback of your most recent visit to the Mövenpick Hotel Stuttgart Airport & Messe. It is always helpful for us to get feedback on how our guests such as yourself are feeling within the hotel.  We are happy that you like our convenient location as well as our free Wifi at 1 Mbit and our professional staff.  It’s the first time that we hear a comment, that the phone signal around the hotel is insufficient. I agree to your comment that one would expect a good connection however here you would have to speak to your provider as we cannot influence that at all.  For your remark regarding the swabian meals at our Restaurant “Trollinger” I want to thank you and we regret, that it did not correspond to your wishes. However, we have some traditional swabian meals on our menu, the swabian sirloin steak or the swabian ravioli are only two of them while we feature quite some more.   Our Mövenpick Hotel Stuttgart is a business hotel and mostly used by business travelers, that’s why we offer our wellness area in the evening times. The fitness area is accessible all day, however the wellness area with its saunas opens at 3 pm, due to the mostly late arrivals during the weekend.  Unfortunately our airport has about a tenth of the passenger numbers as Heathrow which might well be the reason why the area including the hotel is not as buzzing.   We will look forward to welcoming you back again in the not too distant future.  Best wishes  Anja Winter – Guest Relations, Mövenpick Hotel Stuttgart Airport & MesseRead more