Rating between average and good. Better than average but not really good. Very nice hotel, nice lobby, parking garage for 20 € per day for hotel guests, nice rooms, spacious bathroom, sitting area in my room, all good but: all rooms have carpet. I asked for a room without a carpet and that wasn't possible as they have rooms without carpet only in the suite categories. - So obviously for the management of Mövenpick only rich people are allowed to have allergies.  And: you can choose between internet free of charge and that's slow like hell or speedy internet and that costs money like hell. Up to 49 € for a day for very fast internet. That's absolutely ridiculous.  Internet prices and allergy policy is very much last century!  On top I was for dinner and for breakfast in the…Read moreDate of stay: August 2015HelpfulShare Response from jkoehler, General Manager at Mövenpick Hotel Stuttgart AirportResponded Aug 24, 2015Dear Guest,  your feedback has been well noticed and we are concerned to read that your experience fell far below your expectations. We only wish that we had been made aware of these issues before your departure so that appropriate action could have been taken. Especially since our Food & Beverage Manager met you personally during your visit and again before your departure.   However we are pleased to learn that you liked the hotel in general and that only a few shortcomings lead you to place this review. We are certainly very concerned and sorry to read about the incidences during your visits to our restaurant. Our team will certainly assist all guests with their personal requests, may it be changes in the menus or any special dietary wishes. A special menu for allergies is always available on request.  You can be sure our colleagues acted to the best of their knowledge and belief and are trained to handle relevant allergic requirements however, we are certainly no experts in all of them. We do however believe that your feedback concerning our internet is misleading. Our free internet is offered with a bandwidth of 1 mbps and we receive constant positive feedback. Most hotels offer free internet access with a bandwidth of 512 kbps or even only 256 kbps. We also believe that our high speed internet options are reasonably priced compared to our competition. We do offer a bandwidth of 5 mbps for EUR 10.00 and 10 mbps for EUR 18.00. In your comment you mention costs of EUR 49.00 for an Internet access. It is correct that we do offer this kind of access, however this access has a super-fast bandwidth of 100 mbps with no limitation on connected devices and is therefore suitable e.g. for meetings and conferences. When logging on to the network a clear instruction on the offered options is available and guests can choose the suitable option for their needs. Furthermore will our service team more than pleased assisting our guests when asked.  It is correct that we don't have regular rooms without carpets. This has however nothing to do with your accusation that we use this to sell our suites to guests with allergies. This is simply the design concept of the hotel and we would like to assure you that we take utmost care of our rooms. Therefore they are also suitable for guests with allergies due to our modern cleaning products and procedures.  We do regret that our team member missed to ask you about your satisfaction. This has nothing to do with disinterest. However, since feedback, may it be positive or negative, is always helpful for hotels, we wish that our guests share comments with us even when not asked. We are disappointed to learn that you weren’t able to recognize our daily hard work to make each guests stay enjoyable. We invest quite a lot of efforts in our recruitment process as well as in our daily trainings and supervision of procedures and therefore we are disappointed that we failed to deliver our excellent service to you. However, we are grateful for the vast majority of our guests who have recognized this over the years and taken time to share their positive experiences with us either directly at the hotel or on hotel review websites like TripAdvisor. We have updated your profile with the information concerning your allergy requirements to be better prepared for your future stays.  We will look forward to welcoming you back in the not too distant future so we can craft a memorable experience providing you with True Mövenpick Service. Sincerely,  Juergen KoehlerRead more