Four and five star hotels need to begin acting like they are four and five star hotels. Do not ask me to pay 20 Euros more for fast, or 30 Euros more for super-fast Internet connectivity. In fact do not charge me for this at all. Doing so is akin to charging extra for warm water in the bathroom. I will never stay a second night at a property charging extra for decent Internet connectivity, especially when the properties are four and five stars. A simple phone call to the front desk generally suffices to have the charges waived. This is  a lovely hotel with an Internet connectivity policy which is out-of-touch with the times.Read moreDate of stay: August 2015HelpfulShare Response from jkoehler, Geschäftsführer at Mövenpick Hotel Stuttgart AirportResponded Aug 14, 2015Dear Guest, Thank you very much for sharing your feedback on TripAdvisor following your most recent stay at the Mövenpick Hotel Stuttgart Airport & Messe. We would also like to thank you for your comment pertaining to our internet service. We do regret that the available internet options didn’t satisfy you and that this obviously caused you some inconveniences, which we are however glad that we could solve them before your departure.  We do offer free internet with 1 mbps in all our Superior rooms and with 10 mbps in all our Premium rooms, Junior Suites and Suites. We have decided to offer a higher bandwidth to our guests since the standard in most known 4 and 5 star hotels is either 512 kbps or even 256 kbps, which we are certain that most experienced traveler can confirm. The feedback we generally receive from the vast majority of our guests is that the free internet access is sufficient and that the Premium options are well priced. Before implementing the existing internet options we have done a research of hotels in major cities in Germany and as well as in Europe. According to this research most hotels do offer less bandwidth as free internet and charge higher rates for high speed internet then we do. As mentioned before, most hotels consider 512 kbps as free basic internet and a bandwidth of 1 mbps is considered mostly as high speed. We also believe that your Premium Speed Internet access with 10 mbps is reasonably priced with EUR 18,00 compared to other hotels.  We do know that internet accessibility and connection is very important for our guests and therefore we do invest in the system and infrastructure continuously. Only this year we have upgraded our system and placed additional access points throughout the hotel. And we will continue improving our services and facilities to offer the best possible internet to our guests. While we are disappointed to learn of your dissatisfaction regarding the internet service we are however pleased to see your ratings concerning our guest service and that in general you had a pleasant stay. We therefore hope that you will consider visiting with us again in the future so that we can provide you again with the True Mövenpick Service. We will look forward to welcoming you back, hopefully in the not distant future.  Sincerely,  Jürgen KöhlerRead more