Probably the best hotel at Stuttgart airport in terms of room comfort, services and proximity to the gates, but oh boy.. They really charge for everything! Please help me explain why basic hotels offer free internet and breakfast and this hotel, which is already expensive, charges heavily for these services?! We're in Europe after all, not in the US, where this is pretty standard.  Besides the charge for the internet connection, I also found the internet to be very customer unfriendly to operate and it did not work anymore in the lobby. At minimum, I'd expect internet to be free and properly working in the lobby.  Breakfast buffet was great with a lot of choice. Final remark about lost & found: My colleague forgot his glasses in the hotel and we called the hotel several times on…Read moreDate of stay: December 2014HelpfulShare Response from moevenpickhotel1, Manager at Mövenpick Hotel Stuttgart AirportResponded Jan 12, 2015Dear Guest,  thank you very much for having taken the time to rate your stay at the Mövenpick Hotel Stuttgart  Airport & Messe. Your comment is very important for us as it helps us to improve ourselves. Please let us explain our pricing philosophy. We have heard you and many other guests and the company decided that as of the new year the basic internet connection will be free of charge in all rooms and a higher bandwidth at a decent price.  So far we had included internet only in our superior rooms which are of a slightly higher charge with additional amenities. In your last stay you must have stayed in a comfort room at a reduced price.  I can’t see why we should offer breakfast for free as we have over 100 items on our buffet, all coffee specialties are included and for our early risers we offer an early bird breakfast free of charge in the morning. To include the breakfast in the room price would increase the price for the room for everyone. And I hope you agree that this service is similar to a dinner which is not for free either.  As for the problem with the glasses I can only apologize and there is no excuse for this miscommunication. Please be sure, that I will forward your comment once again to our team at the reception in order to make them more sensitive in this matter in the future.  Dear guest, nevertheless we hope to have the opportunity to welcome you again in the near future. It would be great to meet you in person the next time. In the meantime we wish you all the best.  Kind Regards Jürgen Köhler Hotel ManagerRead more