The image of an hotel is always the reception. They gave me the wrong room, it was fullo of smell of smoke and the lady at the reception told me simply "it's a not smoking room !". She was almost angry of it. I didn't like the approach, it's not my problem, the hotel has to find a solution about that,Read moreDate of stay: March 2014HelpfulShare Response from jkoehler, Geschäftsführer at Mövenpick Hotel Stuttgart AirportResponded Mar 21, 2014Dear Poldix 61,  Thank you for having given us your feedback about your stay at the Mövenpick Hotel Stuttgart Airport & Messe.   Suggestions and critics always help us to improve ourselves in order to meet our guests ‘expectations. I offer my sincerest apologies for the discomfort that has been caused to you. Your comment about your experience is very important for us and we will investigate it immediately. It is true that we offer a few smoking rooms in our hotel. However we generally do not check-in non-smokers in these rooms. Unfortunately we can never guarantee that somebody smokes in a non-smoking room which we usually detect before the next check in. We would therefore be extremely grateful if you contact me for more details to your stay. I will send you a direct email via Tripadvisor with my contact data. Obviuosly my employees should have handled your complaint in a much more sensitive manner and again I like to apologize for this matter.  Regarding your advice to our bathroom, some of our rooms feature a glass window between the bedroom and the bathroom. The idea of the hotel´s architect and designer Matteo Thun was to provide the bathroom with natural daylight as well. We also offer rooms with separated bathrooms or blurred glass windows for more privacy. Should you be staying with us again, please do not hesitate to share your preferences directly with our reservation team.  Dear Poldix 61, we do hope to have the opportunity to welcome you again. As above-mentioned, please do not hesitate to contact me. We would very much welcome the opportunity to welcome you again and convince you about the quality of our service.  Kind regards  Jürgen Köhler General ManagerRead more