This hotel definitely it s an option for Stuttgart if you are not desperate to stay in downtown. The room is nice but a little bit strange as you have a glass between the bathroom and the room like in Thailand and a very executive/corporate "office"  just in front of the bed :) ... The price is good but you have to pay for this as the breakfast is extremely expensive, 22 euro per person and u don t have wi fi included which is a stone age mentality for this days ........Read moreDate of stay: October 2013HelpfulShare Response from moevenpickhotel1, Manager at Mövenpick Hotel Stuttgart AirportResponded Oct 21, 2013Dear „Stranula“,  Thank you for having given your opinion about your stay at the Mövenpick hotel of Stuttgart.  It is true that some of our rooms feature a glass window between the bedroom and the bathroom. The idea of the hotel´s architect and designer Matteo Thun was to provide the bathroom with natural daylight as well. Of course, we also have rooms with separated bathrooms or blurred glass windows for more privacy. Should you be staying with us again, please do not hesitate to share your preferences directly with our reservation team.  Regarding the breakfast, I would like to inform you that you have the choice between the buffet where all hot drinks, egg specialties, and fresh juices are also included and our breakfast à la carte. The last option may be more adequate if you are on the go or willing to have something small in the morning.  As far as the free wifi is concerned, you do have unlimited and free access to it in all our rooms except in the comfort category. Our Executive rooms, for example, are situated on the upper floors and offer you additional benefits such as late check-out, a bathrobe , free newspapers, and a bottle of water.  Dear guest, we do hope to have the opportunity to welcome you again. As mentioned, please do not hesitate to contact our team before arrival and share your preferences with us. We would be very happy to adapt your stay and meet your expectations.  Kind Regards Tiaré de Vries Online reputation managerRead more