We are a family of four with a dog and we were very pleased with the hotel. We spent one night over a weekend in order to visit the Mercedes and Porsche museums... definitely a little further out than we would have liked, but the S3/S2 line is just across the street below the aiport (seriously, the airport terminal is directly across the street), so very convenient from that stand point.  Rooms were clean, updated and comfortable. I was told the beds were queens over the phone, but they were really just a bit bigger than twins - fortunately, the hotel brought up an extra single bed for 20EU. Also, we were quite surprised at how quiet the room was given that it was right across from the terminals - very well soundproofed. The folks at reception were very welcoming and nice with…Read moreDate of stay: October 2013HelpfulShare Response from moevenpickhotel1, Manager at Mövenpick Hotel Stuttgart AirportResponded Oct 9, 2013Dear „Soccer Papa“,  Thank you for having shared your positive experience the Mövenpick Hotel Stuttgart Airport & Messe. 
 It is a great pleasure to read that you and your family enjoyed  your stay with us and that our team could positively surprise you.  Regarding the size of our beds, we do have queen beds measuring 160X200 cm, however we also offer the possibility to book rooms with a king size bed (180x200cm). Should you be staying with us again, please do not hesitate to ask our reservation team about your preferences and needs so that we can prepare everything before your arrival.  We regret that you do not find the location of the hotel as optimal, however we would be very happy to welcome you and your family again during your next visit in Stuttgart. Stuttgart and its region offer many activities for each season. Upcoming events are for example the traditional Christmas markets in Stuttgart as well as the medieval Christmas market in Esslingen, 15 km away from our hotel.  In the meantime, the whole Mövenpick team wishes you all the best and a good start in the winter!  Kind Regards Tiaré de Vries Online reputation managerRead more