We stayed at the St. Regis for 2 nights. The welcome was a delight. We got an upgrade to the Grand Canal Suite with this amazing view. The hotel was recently renovated and was just perfect. So were to start... Location: Great - just a few minutes walk from the main sights. Rooms: Great, just great, very new. Very tasteful. Shower and bath just awesome. Plus I love the products the St. Regis uses. And the bed!!! Like heaven The Butler Service - a delight! Although I am not much of the person who actually uses it, Leonardo took the time to show us around and give us some tips. Just lovely. Housekeeping: With so much love! The Turndown service actually prepares everything the way you need it to after a night out.  Gio's Restaurant: Absolutely amazing! We had the pleasure to meet Nadja the Chef - I couldn't get enough from her pasta. Also the Sommelier, she really knows what you would like and she gets it right away.  Breakfast for Platinum Members is all inclusive. Which is great! Sometimes you just get a tiny choice, but not at the St. Regis! And now to my favorite part: The Garden & St. Regis Bar - I must say if it wasn't for Nicola I wouldn't have loved this place as much as I have. He mixes insanely good drinks. He is so polite and very attentive. We've been to a lot hotels but he is one of a kind. So if you get the chance to be at the St. Regis - let him mix you a drink.  I highly recommend this hotel in every way.…Read moreDate of stay: October 2020LocationCleanlinessService2 Helpful votesHelpfulShare Response from Guest Experience Team, Guest Services / Front Office at The St. Regis VeniceResponded 2 weeks agoDear Anousch_AMA,  We would like to thank you for your recent stay at our hotel and we truly appreciated you have taken the time to review us with such worderful words!  We are committed to the highest quality service and your positive feedback indicates us we are working hard in the right direction.It's always extremely rewarding when we are recognized for embodying true hospitality!  We have shared your comments with all St.Regis Hosts, especially with Leonardo. Nadia and Nicola...they are joining us in thanking you so much!  We look forward to welcoming you back very soon to "the house of Astor", With best regards  Guyest Experience team   Read more