I was very excited to stay at this hotel. I walked away overall disappointed, and will try and share the pros and cons for future potential guests. I think depending on what's important to you (and of course, the rate offered), it can make sense to give this "St. Regis" a try. But you should question a St. Regis that's rated in the middle (#209 of 405 as of early August 2020) of the hotels in its city. This must be the worst  relatively rated St. Regis on the planet.  First, I expected a warm greeting. Italy is slowly recovering from a global pandemic and tourism is grasping for life. Instead, my welcome consisted of a 30 minute wait (around 16:00!), followed by the most condescending check-in I've ever experienced. My rate was pointed out as being quite low, and I was made to…Read moreDate of stay: July 20202 Helpful votesHelpfulShare Response from Enza Cardinale, Guest Services / Front Office at The St. Regis VeniceResponded Aug 3, 2020Dear Mr. Jabc,  Thank you for taking your time to review your recent stay at the St.Regis Venice.  I learn with deep regret that we did not meet your expectations during your stay with us. I would like to sincerly  apologize for the condiscendent feeling you perceived during your arrival  and allow me to reassure you that this has been cascaded to the concern department in order to improve our guest experience.  It seems to me that there was a misunderstanding related to the pressing service as it is available however,  due to the severe procedure we are applying in order to preserve our associates and guests' health, all items are washed prior to be pressed hence would not be possible to return the items immediately, this is the reason why we offered you an iron and ironboard.  Referring to the service charge, I understand your point of view, still it is a common charge applied to all of our guests, both internal and external.  I am delighted read you appreciate the great restauration completed as of last year and the quality of food at Gio's Restaurant. I truly appreciate the time you spent because the feedback from our guests has a great value for us.  Sincerly,  Read more