I traveled with my husband, having idea of romantic, long, relaxed weekend in Venice. I was so tired from months long renovations at our home and I felt like I need some pampering. We have traveled all over the world for years, staying in many of most luxurious hotels in the world, but,  I can say, that for now, this hotel is the best I have ever stayed at.  That is how our  stay at St. Regis Venice was. Amazing and impeculiar. We arrived by car and than continued by water boat that we  picked up at Ponte Calatrava (Ponte della Costituzione) First impressions already spectacular, the way to the hotel took us through Canale Grande. Arrived at the lobby I had a feeling of a cozy home, wonderfully perfumed, with satin sofas, velvet armchairs, gold/ silver elegant  wall papers and soft warm light.  We even eat the whole time, during our stay at hotel restaurant,  Gio’s , which normally we never do! We always book restaurant in the town where we are. But this one we couldn’t miss as we got strong recommendations. Restoran was extra mile, regarding what we expected. Tartare di tonno and 3 level chocolate cake with caramel are my absolute favorites forever.. I can still feel their taste..   Suit that we stayed was elegant, huge, beautiful pastel colors, clean and cozy, full of art pieces and Terrace view!  That view! Treasure experience is the only thing I can think of as hallmark of this hotel that is seamlessly integrated into amazing surroundings in a way you can really cherish. Direct view on Grand Canale and amazing Basilica St Maria della Salute. Right in the front, in her full beauty. Just a few steps from Piazza st Marco and other famous touristic sites. Spectacular! I even found heart ❤️ made of fresh rose petals, on our bed, right before we went to sleep. Exceptional, unique. Staff that is so gentle and discreet. Butler  service, .. and so much more that I could talk about, for hours .. we were truly enjoying every minute of our stay. Can’t wait to come back ❤️ …Read moreDate of stay: October 2020Trip type: Traveled as a couple2 Helpful votesHelpfulShare 