I will absolutely stay at this hotel again.  There were a few bumps as to be expected as the employee and staff "find their groove."  For those reasons, I had to drop a star.  Getting there:  I feel it is completely worth the money to take a Water taxi directly to the hotel vs dragging luggage over the large bridge, and figuring out the Water Bus.  That, in itself, is an experience.  The Location of the hotel is perfect for walking to St Mark’s Square.    Check In:  We were acknowledged for being Titanium Elite and offered points or breakfast.  We selected breakfast.  (Upon check out, they had to verify we selected breakfast, as they said it was not noted in our reservation, which choice we had made.  It was an easy fix, and we were not charged).    The room:  We used points for…Read moreDate of stay: October 20191 Helpful voteHelpfulShare Response from Trek37601622545, Guest Relations Manager at The St. Regis VeniceResponded Nov 4, 2019Dear TallSasha, We  would like first of all to thank you for having reviewed our St.Regis Venice and for your loyalty to Marriott.  We truly value the opinions of our customers and we have attentively read all your comments and concerns and wish to thank you for the nice words you deserved to our staff and to the level of service received. We strive for performing the best and exquisite service we can and to ensure our Guests a memorable stay with us. Whenever this happens, we feel we succeed and this is further input to always try performing better.  It was most kind of you to inform us about the behavior of our bartender Joe (Piergiovanni) and of course we do agree with you about his kindness and  his  professional service.   We will share this episode with all The St.Regis Hosts.. .sometimes little attention make a huge difference!  Our team work to ensure exceptional experiences throughout all aspects and your words of appreciation  certainly indicates this has been the case. We immediately have passed your compliments to Joe and he is  joining us in thanking you so much.  We look forward to welcoming you back to “The House of Astor” in a very near future and we remain at your entire disposal.  Grazie mille and arrivederci  Guest Service Experience  Read more