There are some good things about this hotel which I will mention in fairness. But I must start with an explanation of the low rating. it is based on how they handled the fact that we left two days earlier than planned. We originally booked for eight nights through American Express but a month ago decided to leave two days early to travel to Florence. I have no idea whether American Express failed to make the adjustment (who knew we changed our plans because we booked the Florence hotel through them and obviously can't be in two hotels in two different cities at the same time) or whether there was confusion on the hotel end. The cancellation policy for this hotel is 48 hours prior to arrival.  I guess this gets us to the existential question of the meaning of the word…Read moreDate of stay: October 20192 Helpful votesHelpfulShare Response from MetropoleVeniceItaly, Director of Sales - Assistant Manager at Metropole HotelResponded Oct 9, 2019Dear “RGE49”,   We would like to thank you for your recent stay at our Metropole Hotel: we are honored you were our guest in timeless and enchanting Venice. We do care a lot about our guests’ comments and suggestions as we try our utmost to offer the best of service and welcome in town: the Metropole is a unique property and our goal is to reach and fully satisfy our clients’ expectations offering tailor made personalized services.  We have carefully checked your reservation that we received through American Express for one of our typical Grand Deluxe rooms, without lagoon view.  At our Metropole Hotel, we feature unique room typologies, all different in style and character, including beautiful rooms and Suites with a stunning view on the lagoon of Venice or with amazing terraces and private hammam. The view from those rooms is really gorgeous and memorable!  Our rooms and Suites with lagoon view are very requested at our hotel and they are available in all reservation systems.   We kindly inform you that all rooms at our Metropole hotel are special and feature precious details: in particular, as we have a great relationship with American Express and do care a lot about our partnership and valued clients, we gladly offered all benefits including a complimentary room upgrade to one of our precious Prestige rooms. Our Prestige Rooms are original and eclectic: each one is unique, steeped in atmosphere and embellished with fabrics reminiscent of Venetian stately homes. In particular, the Prestige room we offered to you in free upgrade overlooks our relaxing Citrus Garden and the roofs of Venice.   We are sorry to understand only after your departure that our Metropole Hotel did not meet your taste: the Metropole offers emotions involving all the senses. Eccentric, warm, eclectic, it is a place where the décor becomes an emotional experience, where each detail tells a story.  Because of our eclectic soul, our impressive heritage (here Vivaldi lived many years of his life and composed the Four Seasons) and our passion for Art and Collections, the Metropole has become the destination for discerning travelers, Art lovers and musicians, as wells as for all travelers passionate for authenticity.   We are sorry to understand that during your stay some misunderstandings aroused with any third parties: our terms and conditions are very transparent and clear and we are used to properly inform our partners and valued clients about all details at time of the reservation, in order to have the opportunity to adjust any conditions on a tailor made basis if necessary.   We do apologize if during your stay, in very peak season and without enough notice, it was difficult to change conditions of your reservation, despite our attempts and good faith efforts. We trust in your understanding and hope we will have the chance to welcome you back in a near future: we would love to have the opportunity to show you that we do care a lot about you and our valued guests. It would be a pleasure to personally welcome you and offer very special conditions as well as an even more special complimentary upgrade to one of our fabulous Suites!   Regarding our Met Restaurant, 1 Michelin Star, it is a magic place for dining: we pay great attention to the atmosphere and to offer an attentive service for memorable experiences. We are sorry if that evening a special occasion was celebrated in a separate room. The main Restaurant, with limited capacity, was fully booked and we received positive feedbacks from our guests. We are deeply sorry to understand that you were not happy with the atmosphere: we sincerely thank you for your notice that will help us to improve our services.  We hope to have the pleasure to welcome you back to our restaurant: we will reserve for you the best table at our intimate Rose Room by Raptus & Rose, where you can enjoy dishes with a floral look and a selection of innovative cocktails to sip on soft sofas for an aperitif or informal Michelin-starred dinner. It will be our pleasure to offer you the most delicious cocktail in Venice, at your choice!  We thank you for your suggestions and we look forward to welcoming you to our Metropole home soon again. Best regards,  Chiara Visentin Director of Sales - Assistant Manager Metropole Hotel VeneziaRead more