I really expected more from a 5 stars rated hotel in Venice.   0. No gym.  1. We arrived and in the room no complementary water. I called the reception who told me, water from the tap is very good, only in country with non drinkable water they offer bottled water.. I guess this person never visited a 4 or 5 star hotel in his life...  2. I needed an iron for one of my shirt since I had a dinner planned in the Michelin Met restaurant in less than 15mn away. I called the reception and asked for one. The response, the hotel is made of wood and can burn.. so we can't give you an iron.. Only left over choice wait for someone to come pick it up, wait and pay 14euros.  3. Last but not least, the room was clean however we could hear everything from the other rooms, corridor, and all the…Read moreDate of stay: April 2017HelpfulShare Response from HotelMetropoleVenice, Proprietario at Metropole HotelResponded Apr 24, 2017Dear “GentleMatt”,  I wish to thank you for writing your comment about your stay at the Metropole. I am very regretful to read that our services did not fulfil your expectations, and I am pleased to reply and have the chance to apologize for that.  Let me just explain to you that ironing in Venetian hotel is a real issue. The city law is severe about this matter, the risk of fire can originate from so many causes that a guest would never imagine. As you can guess, Venice is a wonderful yet delicate city, and the attentions in keeping its integrity and beauty are never enough.  All this considered, there are no justifications about the way you were addressed by my staff, believe me this does not belong to our standards. I am extremely surprised to read your words, as I know my staff is always very kind and helpful. No doubt I will make a very serious check about this unpleasant fact.  If I have to be honest as you were, I am sorry that you did not mention all the other aspects that make the Metropole so special, such as the antiques collections, the Michelin-starred restaurant, the beautiful garden and thousand details as well as the allure of its atmosphere… I am sorry that your disappointment about services has prevented you from realizing the unicity of this hotel, but I do hope there will be another chance for us to welcome you. I would be more than glad to show you that your experience has been an inexplicable situation certainly far from our aims and intentions.  Thank you again for your time. Kind regards. Gloria Beggiato Owner Read more