Advertised as a 5 star hotel yet shows 4 stars on the front entrance. The entrance area and downstairs is very dark. Despite booking a junior suite with lagoon view we were shown to an ordinary double room. The hotel floor we were on, is covered from floor to ceiling in religious icons and relics which is very overbearing. After expressing my concern about the room size we were eventually provided with a junior suite but this had no elevator access and was at the top of a flight of stairs. A major issue as my wife has mobility issues. This junior suite had no lagoon view and looked down onto a someones rear courtyard.  Not satisfied with the room not as advertised and the fact that it was difficult to negotiate the stairs, I decided to contact some other hotels and arranged to…Read moreDate of stay: March 2017HelpfulShare Response from HotelMetropoleVenice, Proprietario at Metropole HotelResponded Apr 15, 2017Dear “Stephen M”, Thank you for taking the time to write your comment about your stay at the Metropole. I am very sorry to read you had problems with the room that was assigned to you, therefore I immediately made an important check with the Reception Staff. I know that after you complain you were shown several other rooms as per our policy and with the aim to make you feel as much at ease as possible. Our Guests’ satisfaction is the first objective in our job, so if we have the chance, we are very glad to offer alternatives.  You were shown rooms on the floor and a room with few steps in front of it, which you eventually chose. You initially seemed satisfied with that room, I am sorry to know that on the contrary the stair issue was at the core of your decision to move from our hotel the day after. Let me just explain that, if this was the problem, my Reception Manager would have certainly shown you other rooms. Your choice about that room made him think that everything was fine. I am also very sorry to know that the Hotel’s antiques collection of crucifixes has somehow disturbed you. Regardless of a guest’s religious attitude, they are a symbol of devotion and spirituality. I love to share their beauty and preciousness with my Guests, and I do apologize if their presence has affected you serenity. Believe me, this was absolutely not my intention.  Upon your departure, as per any hotel’s cancellation policy, we were in the conditions to charge you with the additional night. Yet the decision not to proceed  was our way to express how we were sorry for your dissatisfaction, and show how much we would like to have you back to the Metropole in the future, this time with an accurate and attentive room assignation according to any requests of yours.  From my part, I must say it is a real pity that all the other unique and special aspects of the hotel have not been taken in consideration. The Metropole is a real treasure of precious details where we put accurate and constant attention… Let me thank you again for writing your experience, you gave me the opportunity to improve our service. My kindest regards.  Gloria Beggiato Metropole Hotel Owner Read more