We enjoyed the location no the room. Breakfast was excellent as part of the deal. We had arrive via orient express so water taxis all included. Did they think we were rich? Next day we were introduced to the concierge. As we had not been to Venice before we asked him for advice on where to go as we had five days to kill. We wanted to see as much as possible. He mislead us totally. Lovely day you need to go on a boat tour. It is free but if you pay 100 euros you will be taken along the grand canal. Private taxi. I thought it was a grand tour of the main parts of Venice. It turned out to be a boat trip to Murano. Yes to the glass factory. We spent about five minutes watching the glass blowing. It was a Saturday so not a usual working day. We had a lady take us into the shop and…Read moreDate of stay: October 2016HelpfulShare Response from HotelMetropoleVenice, Proprietario at Metropole HotelResponded Nov 24, 2016Dear "Elaine L", I wish to thank you for your detailed comment on Tripadvisor. I must say your words really stroke me. I am terribly sorry that the situation you lived spoiled your stay at our Hotel. I will personally deal with the matter, I cannot accept my Guests can feel obliged to do something during their holiday which must rely upon enjoyment and relax. The trip to Murano is actually a deal we normally suggest with great enthusiasm, as it is a special island with a long history behind and the place of the greatest excellence of the glass in the world, useless to say. The visit to the best glass factories is a kind of must if you visit Murano, as it is simply breathtaking to see how wonderful works of art are created. But this must absolutely not affect the free choice for a Guest to buy or not something once he has visited a glass factory. This is unacceptable.  I regret to read that the whole mechanism started with our Concierge, I do want to believe he just wished to suggest you a very good destination to do something really special in Venice. He is normally very well informed about all the events and special deals in the city and usually does not insist when suggesting a destination to our Guests. I know his professionality and really puzzles me to read you felt mislead. I will personally verify what happened. Let me thank you again for taking the time to write. Let me hope that the rest of your stay at the Metropole may have been pleasant and special, in the particular atmosphere and mood that only the Metropole can give. Warmest regards.  Gloria Beggiato Metropole Hotel Venice Read more