Ive been thinking how to do a review on this hotel since I left last week.  We arrived having booked a Deluxe Double room for two nights, I had booked the Metropole on the hope of having a nicer hotel but one less evening in Venice. The cost of this room was $610 per night, (£500).  Upon check in, I was notified that they had chosen to upgrade us for our stay into a junior suite, once that provides the best view of Venice from its private balcony. My gf and I were extremely surprised and grateful. We got into the room (409) and we were very surprised as the decorative state of the room was at least 20-30 years old and most definitely not 5 star accommodation. The bathroom had recently been done within the last 5 years or so but there was no shower curtain of any kind. The…Read moreDate of stay: October 2016HelpfulShare Response from HotelMetropoleVenice, Proprietario at Metropole HotelResponded Oct 31, 2016Dear "Jay G", I wish to thank you for taking the time to write about our Metropole. I am so sorry to read that several aspects have affected your stay in our hotel, but this will be for me and my staff a good starting point for an important general check. One of the main highlights of our Metropole is its original period furniture and antiques collections, which you mentioned. Sometimes, what could be at first seen as “old” is actually ancient. And believe me, very precious indeed.  All our rooms are different in style and décor: the room you are describing as 20-30 years old is actually our original 1960 Junior Suite, so some of the interiors are at least 50 years old but the rest of the room has been redecorated and so quite new. It is hard to describe the efforts that my family has made through the years to find, collect and share furnishing and antiques form all over Europe. Sorry you did not enjoyed it.  As far as our concierge is concerned, I am puzzled to read they were of no help for you. I heartily apologize about that, my staff at the front desk is normally very informed about happenings in the city as well as museums and restaurants. They perfectly know Venice so they are extremely keen on explaining specific tours as well as the most renowned places to visit. I will certainly verify what went wrong. As regards your experience at the bar, actually what you had was a dish home-made by a Michelin starred cuisine, where, as you are certainly aware of, portions follow a criterion of elegance and refinements.  Prices are normally proportioned to the high quality of the ingredients used that give these dishes the level people expect. Add to this the location - facing the lagoon - and you can easily understand that a dinner at our Oriental Bar becomes an experience for all senses, with added values which are not so easy to find: in all Venice our Bar is in fact considered the place to be.  It is such a pity to perceive in your words such a great bitterness. But I am even more regretful because, despite the aspects that you found negative, you did not catch the uniqueness of the Metropole, its special atmosphere, of our everyday effort to make it a luxurious place to stay, the preciousness of our team who work feeling part of a family with the same aim to make our Gests’ holiday unforgettable.  So sorry you missed this sensation, I heartily hope there will be another chance for us to show how much we care.  Thank you for your time and attention. With best regards.  Gloria Beggiato Metropole Hotel VeniceRead more