The Venice Metropole Hotel has plenty to brag about: the rooms are charming, the staff is friendly and helpful, and its location is superb (especially for visitors targeting the Biennale).  This is why I booked three rooms there, for our family vacation, for multiple nights. When my daughter's Apple Airpods were stolen from her room, I notified the reception clerk, who promised to look into it and get back to me.  He didn't. Upon checking out,  I mentioned this incident again, and the reception manager took my email address and promised that I would hear from management promptly.  It's been nearly two months, and I'm guessing that this email is not coming either. I am Never going back to the Metropole.   Not only is it the first time I've ever experienced theft from my hotel…Read moreDate of stay: June 20191 Helpful voteHelpfulShare Response from MetropoleVeniceItaly, Manager at Metropole HotelResponded Jul 31, 2019Dear "442zikis",   We would like to thank you for your recent stay at our Metropole Hotel: we are honored you were our guest and that could enjoy a lovely stay in Venice. We are happy to understand you enjoyed our location, rooms and team!  We do care a lot about our guests’ comments and suggestions as we try our utmost to offer the best of service and welcome in town: the Metropole is a unique property and our goal is to reach and fully satisfy our clients’ expectations in a unique and personalized way.   We are glad to understand that you enjoyed our services and do apologize if, during your stay, we failed at some point, we really apologize for that.  We assure that we will be more careful in order not to miss any chances to meet directly our guests. As a family owned hotel, we love to personally meet our clients for a nice greet or for any support, therefore, we heartily feel very sorry to have missed the opportunity to meet you in person. Furthermore, please, let us inform you that our Team in every department at the hotel is very attentive on any lost and found items and anything found at the hotel is properly registered. We do apologize if your daughter's airpods were not found.    We will for sure work harder in order to improve our services and hope to have the pleasure to welcome you back to our charming Metropole as our special Repeat Guest: we will be very pleased, on this occasion, to offer you a dedicated treatment and a very special gift for your daughter, in order to show you that it was not our intention to cause any inconveniences.   Looking forward to welcoming you back again, we remain with our best regards,  Chiara Visentin Director of Sales - Assistant Manager Metropole Hotel Venezia Read more