Tried the tasting menu with another couple at the one star restaurant in the Metropole last weekend. It was all a bit weird, and hard to understand the 1 star status.  Things  went sideways from the start with an introduction to the water menu. OK, so we could choose from different fizz or still varieties , fair enough. Having gone wild for the San Pellegrino, it took forever to show up. Those who ordered a beer  were well onto finishing their drinks and the  amuse bouche before we saw any agua. No big deal, but a sloppy start. As for the amuse bouche, three selections arrived, for a party of four. We asked gently for a fourth, no response. Again, not a big deal, this is a bonus dish and not yet the real event.  Then we had the salt selection - now you are pulling my leg.…Read moreDate of stay: September 2016HelpfulShare Response from Valentina T, Proprietario at Metropole HotelResponded Sep 27, 2016Dear "Peter F", I wish to thank you for taking the time to write your personal comment on the dinner you had at our Met Restaurant. I feel I owe to you a heartfelt apologize if something has gone wrong with your experience, and if your expectancies have been disappointed.  Believe me, this is something that puzzles and mortify me.  Let me most sincerely tell you that in no way this is the standard of our Michelin Starred restaurant. The awards we have gained through the years have been the result of constant effort, research, choice for the best ingredients, care and attention to details. As a matter of fact, we received the Michelin Star just after 18 months since our Chef had started his career at the Met Restaurant. The cuisine by chef Luca Veritti is frequently described in high level gastronomic magazine and top followed blogs.  None the less, in full accordance with our philosophy, this doesn’t prevent us from always improving our service and quality. We think that even the most prestigious award is not an arrival point, but rather the beginning of a new challenge where the Guest is at the core of our attentions. With this in mind, I will certainly take into consideration your comment and check all the aspects you mention. Let me heartily hope to show you the truthfulness of my words by having you as guest again at the Met Restaurant in the future, hoping not to disappoint you and making you appreciate the uniqueness of our restaurant.  Thank you again. Gloria Beggiato  Metropole Hotel VeniceRead more