Three friends and I spent 5 wonderful days in Venice- but were very disappointed with the hotel. The initial rooms were very basic, with over-the-top baroque decor, little or no ventilation and very old bathrooms. After complaining, we were upgraded to larger suites, but with the same decor- which did not match the photos on the website. The service was ok- however we found the front desk staff not very helpful with providing tourist information - which turned out in several cases to be wrong. The breakfast was not very interesting although most of the staff was helpful and enthusiastic. Whilst I understand that many hotels in Venice retain the old fashioned baroque style, it may be time for a renovation, as it had the feel of the Addams family house, which did not appeal to us.…Read moreDate of stay: April 2016HelpfulShare Response from MetropoleVeniceItaly, Proprietario at Metropole HotelResponded Apr 22, 2016Dear "FN44", thank you for your comment on Tripadvisor, which I always consider extremely important  in order to understand what can be improved in my hotel. I am very sorry to see you did not completely enjoy your stay due to what you consider an old-fashioned room. Actually, the furniture, our collections, our decore is not old, but antique, with the preciousness and delicacy that being antique involves. In all our rooms you find original period furniture, and on display for all our Guests you see antique collections, fans, paintings and engravings. This is something that you don’t find in other hotel because it represents the Metropole’s uniqueness, its main and distinctive feature. The Metropole has a long history behind, and a hard work to look for, collect and share all the elements that characterizes our allure and that are perfectly in line with the special atmosphere of Venice. I cannot neglect your personal taste of course, I just would like to share with you my and my family’s passion for beauty and preciousness.   I do hope to have the chance to welcome you again in the future, it would be a pleasure to show you around and explain what the Metropole means to me. Thank you again for taking the time to write. Warm regards.  Gloria Beggiato Metropole Hotel Read more