We stayed at the Hotel Metropole last weekend. While we were excited to stay at one of the few five star hotels in Venice, our experience at Hotel Metropole made us swear off the the city forever. We were attacked by bed bugs on both nights of our stay.   Because it was August and Venice is on the water we thought we were getting bitten by mosquitos. It was not until we were on a plane flying home that we became suspicious the bites were not the norm. After a quick google search our worst nightmare was confirmed. We were covered in bed bug bites.   We immediately called a pest inspector and after they sprayed we found bed bugs that had hitched a ride from the hotel. We attempted to contact the Metropole, if nothing more than to warn them that they have a problem and spare others…Read moreDate of stay: August 2015HelpfulShare Response from MetropoleVeniceItaly, Direttore vendite at Metropole HotelResponded Sep 5, 2015Dear "adam j",  Thank you for your recent stay at our hotel. We trust in all our clients' suggestions and notes as our goal is to offer the best of service to all our valued Guests and reach their expectations during their stay.  We do apologize if you suffered of some problems: we would have been more than pleased to help you in the matter during your stay investigating your trouble immediately; our hotel team – from our Housekeeping Manager to our Front Office Manager - is at our valued Clients’disposal 24 hours per day 7 days per week and can offer any kind of support in order to let our Guests enjoy a lovely experience with us.  We would like to inform you that our hotel is seriously respecting all Health and Safety procedures, as per European and Italian law following in detail all instructions and dictat.  We carefully checked your comment and did the proper professional investigations immediately with the result that our rooms are hygienically in good order and, in fact, we were not reported of any problems from other guests.  We are at your complete disposal and can offer any further support.  Best regards,  Chiara Visentin Director of Sales & Marketing Metropole HotelRead more