After arriving in the beautiful city of Venice, we took a private taxi on the canal. As we were riding in the boat and seeing all the spectacular sights, we were very excited to arrive at our hotel - the Metropole. Upon arrival, we were very surprised at the dark lobby and lounge area.They were decorated in a very dark red burgundy, dated, filled with old relics (unlike the kind one would be fascinated with), and the feeling of old, Eastern Europe. Not at all what we expected after being in the bright and sunny city. Being open-minded, we were escorted to our rooms - through a maze of turns and passing through long hallways with lots of steps, turns, walls decorated with antique fans, and oddly a collection of crucifixes. Needless to say, all three of the rooms were VERY…Read moreDate of stay: July 2014HelpfulShare Response from MetropoleVeniceItaly, Proprietario at Metropole HotelResponded Nov 7, 2014Dear “Kerry Z”,  Thank you for your comment about your stay at our hotel: suggestions and opinions by our valued clients are highly considered at our property as we try our utmost every day to offer an excellent service and lovely memories about us.  We were surprised to understand that the style of our Metropole did not meet your expectations: the hotel is a historical monument that hosts many precious pieces of art and antiques that give evidence of the great cultural heritage that the hotel is still keeping. The structure of the building dates back to the XVI c. when the hotel was formerly a house for abandoned children and where Master Vivaldi played his major works: still nowadays the hotel keeps a special allure, an original atmosphere connecting the present to the past of Venice, being in a living museum even if we are not a museum. The collections on display are the result of passion for antiques and rare objet d’art: we are proud that part of our collection of fans that adorn the second floor has recently been on display at the Palazzo Mocenigo Museum in Venice (Museum of the History of Fabrics and Costumes of Venice up to XVIII c), on the Grand Canal: a special exhibition until September 2014 has been dedicated to our collection.  All our personnel can speak several languages, from French to English, German to Russian: we are sorry to understand that there might have been some misunderstandings with our personnel and have already taken measures to understand where we failed in order to avoid any future miscommunication.  We hope to have the pleasure to welcome you back to our property in order to personally show you around our hotel telling you about the amazing stories of the people who lived here, the special jewels that captured the attention of my family leading to the precious collections of art pieces displayed all around the hotel, and many other fascinating curiosities: we will be thrilled to share all our passion for hospitality and antiques with you.  We remain of course at your disposal and thank you for the time you dedicated to us.  Gloria Beggiato General Manager & CEO Metropole Hotel VeniceRead more