I have been a writer-journalist for more than thirty years, but I have never posted a review of a hotel, online or anywhere else. Like anyone else, I've had my share of good and bad experiences, I just never thought it worth taking the time to tell anyone about them.  To paraphrase Abe Lincoln, who said "If slavery isn't wrong, then nothing is wrong," I say:  "If the Metropole isn't a ripoff, then nothing is a ripoff."  At this caricature of a five-star hotel in Venice, my wife and I endured one indignity after the other. Here's a partial list:  1) Terrible mosquitoes kept us up for two nights. (We were in Room 401. We kept the doors and windows closed.)  2) When we complained about the mosquitoes, the manager of this luxury hotel had the temerity to respond: "In Venice we have…Read moreDate of stay: September 2013HelpfulShare Response from MetropoleVeniceItaly, Proprietario at Metropole HotelResponded Oct 2, 2013Dear “Shepard B”,  I wish to thank you for your long and passionate comment about your stay in our Metropole Hotel, and I sincerely regret to read your stay did not meet your expectations.  I made an important check with my staff to understand the matter of mosquitoes. I know that you were immediately given our electric insecticide, which was the least we could do. Actually, mosquitoes are frequent in cities where humidity can reach high levels such as Venice, and their presence cannot be always predictable. Therefore, as you can imagine, this annoying phenomenon can be certainly stemmed, but not totally controlled or eliminated. Although – believe me – we put extreme care and attention for each detail concerning our service and hospitality, there are some aspects over which we have limited control. We could define them as “natural aspects”, in the sense that simply they belong to nature, and man sometimes can be very little. Nonetheless we were glad to make you a discount to show you how regretful we were that mosquitoes kept you awake in the night, and upgraded you to an Exclusive Suite with breathtaking view of the lagoon, double bathroom and the Hammam. This was made in order to try to save the rest of your stay.   As regards our décor on the contrary, it is of course a matter of choice and personal taste: my family and I have collected for years antiques, velvets, fabric and period furniture that now are the main feature of our Hotel. But let me explain you, this is not old or shabby. All around you is décor, original and antique, part of history!  So not exactly a ripoff, but rather a priceless value of antiquity. Then, if you do not appreciate it, well as you said it is simply a matter of taste.  Finally, as you have been really very precise in your comment, I will be glad to be accurate as well, and inform you that the Metropole is much bigger than Londra Hotel, although it may not seem so.  Let me heartily hope to have you as guests again in the future, possibly this time during winter, so mosquitoes will not impose their annoying presence and you will appreciate how careful we are always towards our Guests. Thank you. Kind regards.  Gloria Beggiato Metropole Hotel VeniceRead more