We were booked to stay 3 nights in a family room, having read reviews we were really excited. We arrived and found the reception to be dark, dingy and musty smelling. Our family room was awful, very dreary looking with plastic bath and poor quality finishes. The curtains were very dusty and tired, and the overall ambiance was depressing.  We asked if other rooms were available and were shown much better rooms, we were offered 2 rooms to accommodate us. The manager was very lovely and tried to be helpful, but this hotel just wasn't for us. At €600 for the night, it was not good enough!   We went to look for somewhere else to stay and, having done so, checked out. We had to pay most of the first night fee, which was painful- it was a late check out, and the staff were as helpful…Read moreDate of stay: July 2013HelpfulShare Response from MetropoleVeniceItaly, Proprietario at Metropole HotelResponded Aug 6, 2013Dear “186233Sue”,  I am so sorry to read your comment about your stay at the Metropole. Thank you all the same for taking the time to express your opinion and to share it with the Tripadvisor community.  I am really regretful that the room you initially had was not to your taste. But let me point out that the ambience is not old, but antique, which is quite different, as you probably saw all round you in the hotel. All the rooms at the Metropole in fact, as well as the lounges, are furnished with original period furniture and on the wall you see precious pieces of our private antiques collections. It is a pity that you did not appreciate the preciousness of the ambience, yet with your comment in mind  I will make an important check to verify if the overall effect of the room can be improved.   As regards the night you paid, I need to explain that the cancellation policy is clearly written in the confirmation you receive. In your case, the nights to be paid should have been two, as you can check on your confirmation (the cancellation is accepted 48 hours in advance) but we were glad to make a discount to show how sorry we were about your disappointment.   As far as the transfer is concerned, it is important to know that the Metropole Transfer Service includes an exclusive pick-up service with a person waiting for you at your arrival point, and then a limousine taxi from the train station directly to our canal entrance. The price therefore is proportioned to the exclusivity of the service.  I do apologize if the Metropole did not meet your expectations, and let me hope to have another chance to meet you in the future, in order to show how much we care about our Guests’ satisfaction, and how great is the passion and diligence we put everyday in our job and for our philosophy.  Thank you again.  Gloria Beggiato Hotel Metropole VeniceRead more