Do you like old stuff? Like old gothic lamps, candles, and body armor? The Metropole is floor to ceiling with this stuff, like they used to have 5 hotels and had to downsize into just one.  It's certainly unique, but don't expect luxurious.  The (tiny) rooms and bathrooms haven't been touched or upgraded in at least 40 years.  It is worn down and showing its age.  Don't get me wrong, it's a fun experience and the service was quite friendly.  I just expect more at $550 (pre-tax) per night.Read moreDate of stay: June 2013HelpfulShare Response from MetropoleVeniceItaly, Proprietario at Metropole HotelResponded Jun 15, 2013Dear “HalleAndTheWorld”,  I wish to personally thank you for taking the time to write your comment and share it with the Tripadvisor community. I regretfully read that you did not appreciate the interiors of our Hotel. Let me just share with you an aspect which I feel is so important to communicate to our Guests.  All the object, paintings, collections and furniture that decorate our Metropole are real antiques items which have been brought to the hotel over the years: they are extremely precious and rare, and searching for them, purchasing them to embellish the hotel and providing their maintenance, needless to say, is a real hard work. Of course, I heartily respect your personal taste, but I just want to let you know that all the objects you saw and the hotel itself has a long and suggestive history as a background. This is mainly what makes the difference for us, and for really many Guests who have stayed here.  As far as your observations on the rooms are concerned, I honestly find it slightly unfair to sentence that they have been neglected for 40 years. I must say that every year we carry our a strict control and maintenance of all the rooms of the Hotel, investing important amounts in order to keep our high quality. Yet, if you are so kind as to indicate which was the number of your room, I will be more than glad to take the due actions. I hope to welcome you again to the Metropole, in order to show how attentive we are towards our Guests’ every wish.  Thank you again for your time.  Gloria Beggiato Hotel Metropole VeniceRead more