Room was small and dated,bathroom was small and taps were not working properly bathroom door would shut properly we had a very bad view it was the side of the building so please request for a view. Rooms were too hot AC was not good at all, you have to pay for water from the minibar and it is very expensive. Breakfast was very expensive and noting special usually hotel breakfast so not worth paying for. Staff do not speak much English so it was very hard to communicate. Inside of the hotel very dark but nice deco. But a very good location close to all the lovely places loved the walk the boat cruise venice is absolutely beautiful. Lots of tourists so very busy loads of food places overall it was lovely hotel did let us down as we wasn't comfortable in the room.Read moreDate of stay: March 2013HelpfulShare Response from MetropoleVeniceItaly, Proprietario at Metropole HotelResponded Apr 22, 2013I wish to thank you for taking the time to write your comment on our Metropole, which is the most useful help we can have to improve our quality and service.  I am really regretful to read you were not completely satisfied with your room, and will certainly check all the aspects you mentioned. As far as temperature is concerned, I must say that until a couple of days ago the weather in Venice was really cold and dump, we absolutely needed to have heating, it rained almost everyday and winter seemed to never end. Only now the weather is beginning to be warmer, and as a consequence we will regulate room’s temperature.  I am very sorry and puzzled by the linguistic problem you found: as you can imagine a 5 star hotel’s staff as a rule speaks fluently English as well as the main languages, and the same does my staff. I will certainly check which might have been the problems that have brought to an imperfect communication.  Let me hope to have the chance in the future to show that this is not a normal standard at the Metropole, so next time you come to our Hotel I will be more than glad to meet you personally and show all the most amazing aspects of this hotel.  Meanwhile please accept my warm and sincere regards.  Gloria Beggiato Metropole Hotel VeniceRead more