We stayed at the Metropole over Easter and had a great time, despite the rather inclement weather. A few steps along from the Danielli, it's easy to find if visiting Venice for the first time and just a short stroll from St Mark's square. In a city that's quite easy to get lost in, you could never not find your way back home and don't underestimate the advantages of having an easy to find base in this most beautiful but labyrinthian of cities.  The ambience is eclectic but chic, the rooms full of character and charm and the staff generally go out of their way to be helpful. If I had a little gripe, the sound proofing in the rooms (maybe not all but certainly ours) was not what it could have been but it's an old building and this is not uncommon in this type of hotel. We didn't…Read moreDate of stay: March 2013HelpfulShare Response from MetropoleVeniceItaly, Proprietario at Metropole HotelResponded Apr 11, 2013Dear “Dr John”,  Thank you so much for your detailed and accurate comment on Tripadvisor, which I found really useful to improve the quality of our service.  I am glad you enjoyed your stay in Venice and appreciated several aspects of our Metropole Hotel. Unfortunately you did not experienced our Met Restaurant, which is gaining every day more success thanks to the originality of its concept, the Tra’Contemporary cuisine, and the quality of its food and service. Prices are therefore proportioned to these fundamental features: fish comes from our Rialto fish market, vegetables form the nearby and famous S. Erasmo island, and our recipes are strictly Italian, as a tribute to the long and rich gastronomic history of our Country. I do hope you can come again to the Metropole and try our cuisine, I am sure you won’t be disappointed.  As far as Bruno is concerned… he is a real master of cocktails! I will definitely refer you enthusiasm to him! And with the spring approaching, we are preparing new flavors for our aperitifs, so keep ready to taste one at you next time in Venice!  Thank you so much again for your precious comment.  Gloria Beggiato Metropole Hotel VeniceRead more