We stayed at  the Metropole four nights over Easter, having chosen it for its proximity to all the main sites for which Venice is famous for.  If you are planning to stay there and are flying in to Marco Polo take a vaporeto water taxi and it will drop you off within one bridge of the hotel.  The outside of the hotel looks very modest, but as soon as you step inside it is as if you in another world, another time. This is not for those who like modern, minimalist styles as this hotel is from a bygone age, oozing charm, abounds with wood paneling, chandeliers, rich tapestries and curtains, and sofas everywhere. There are antique collections of hand held fans, furniture, and other bric a brac that belong to the owners and are on permanent display throughout the hotel on every floor…Read moreDate of stay: March 2013HelpfulShare Response from MetropoleVeniceItaly, Proprietario at Metropole HotelResponded Apr 11, 2013Dear “Phitos P”,  I wish to thank you for your long and attentive comment about your stay at the Metropole. You really described every aspect of our service, and this is what we need to be aware of our everyday job.  I will take into serious consideration your notes about bathrooms and the minibar. As a matter of fact in these days we are restyling several rooms in terms of décor and functionality of its amenities. That will be the right occasion to consider your observations.  Thank you also for your nice words concerning the staff, this is one of the most important aspect for me: the team has to make Customers feel at home, and my guys’ passion and attention towards every guests’ wish is constant and sincere. I am sure that the little inconvenience occurred at the check-out is a simple excess of care by one of my kindest and polite collaborator. Please accept my apologies  anyway if you felt not at ease in that moment.  Needless to say, I will discuss your comment with my staff. For the moment thank you again for your kindness and for your time.  Sincerely.  Gloria Beggiato Metropole Hotel VeniceRead more