My wife and I stayed at the Metropole for 3 nights in early January. This is a five-star hotel but was, unfortunately, really not worth its rating. We asked for a quiet room and were placed in a room on the first floor below a family room. For three mornings and nights we were woken by children running up and down and screaming and the father singing in the bath!! Not their fault (hotel or guests!), but in a five star hotel you expect some sound insulation. Our room was incredibly hot also and we had to have the window open to sleep. The rooms are adequate but no wow factor. We decided not to indulge in the 28 Euro breakfast!! I want to be fair. Location is fantastic on the waterfront near San Marco. The staff were very friendly and helpful. My wife is Venetian so we were spared…Read moreDate of stay: January 2013HelpfulShare Response from MetropoleVeniceItaly, Proprietario at Metropole HotelResponded Jan 16, 2013Dear “Fatbobslim”, I wish to thank you for your comment and for sharing it with the Tripadvisor community. Any observation, even not completely positive like in this case, is fundamental for us to have a trustful feedback and to consequently improve our service. I really regret to read that your stay at the Metropole was not completely satisfying, and I personally apologize for this.  Quietness in the rooms is essential for a Guest’s holiday, that is why we always do our best to make a suitable and attentive distribution of our room occupancy. Indeed, the insulation is a quite complex matter in old Venetian palaces such as the Metropole. As you can imagine, there are extremely strict rules that regulate every single variation or restoration in century-aged palaces, and often important interventions in a palace become impossible or simply forbidden by the law. We will surely make further inquiries with the relevant authorities to know how we can solve the matter of isolating our rooms.  As far as temperature is concerned, when it is not suitable for our Guest, we normally do our best to solve the problem. It is hard for me to verify if this kind of assistance was offered to you, but normally this happens for sure.  If the problem persists, of course we propose an alternative room. This is the least we can do, in order to accomplish every Guest’s request. If you wish to provide us with more details about your situation, I will be more than glad to check and let you have a more specific reply.  Luxury for us is an essential priority, expressed in our atmospheres, decorations, service, food, staff attitude and I am really regretful you had not the chance to appreciate it.  Let me hope to have you as guest again in the future, so that you can check yourself the efforts and care we put in every single detail.  Thank you again for taking the time to write about the Metropole. With kindest regards.  Gloria Beggiato Metropole Hotel VeniceRead more