A beautiful old hotel.  Nothing could have been better from service point of view; reception, concierge, waiting staff, barmen, bell boys. Room was great, everything worked, turn down service. The oriental bar is superb, atmosphere, great service, barmen flirty and knowledgeable. The only drawback was the restaurant; good food but comparing the taster menu of £65 at the Savoy London with 125 euro (traditional) or 145 (contemporary) is ridiculous.  No wine cheaper than 40 euro, one spoon of standard panaccota 18 euro! We'd stay at the hotel again but not eat in the restaurant, stick to the Oriental bar.Read moreDate of stay: August 2012HelpfulShare Response from MetropoleVeniceItaly, Proprietario at Metropole HotelResponded Sep 14, 2012Dear "Mark G.", I wish to thank you for taking time to write your comment, and for the nice words you had for many of our departments. I am sorry to read you found our Met Restaurant exceedingly expensive. As you can image, we use high-quality ingredients  coming from the nearby islands of the Venetian lagoon, which I assure are the best markets for a kind of cuisine we propose at the Met, in that they are genuine and absolutely trustable. We also use ingredients from several Italian regions according to our gastronomic philosophy and never accept compromises concerning the quality of our food. The Tra'Contemporary cuisine requires then a complex way of cooking and presenting the dishes (traditional and contemporay way of cooking the same dish necessarily requires different tecniques and time). The price of our menus as a consequence give the right value to the level of food and cooking tecniques. Apart from prices, I do anyway hope you appreciated your dinner, we are always extremely attentive also to the opinion about food of our Guests. Thank you again for your comment, and I hope to welcome you again tot the Metropole for your next stay in Venice.  Kindest regards.  Gloria Beggiato General Manager & Chief Administrator Metropole HotelRead more