just read the other reviews and have to say we didn't get the welcome pack or map or recommendations for restaurants. I had booked direct with the hotel for a deluxe double lagoon view with a shower not bath. on arrival we were shown to our room eventually and it was lovely with it's own terrace with a lagoon view. in the bathroom however was a bath with a shower attachment. I was asked if using an attachment to the bath as a shower would be uncomfortable for me at which stage my husband asked for the manager.To their credit they did upgrade us to a very ornate suite with no view but a great shower room.I would have preferred the original room but couldn't live without the shower.I was told that lagoon view rooms do not have showers which I could have been told at time of…Read moreDate of stay: July 2012HelpfulShare Response from MetropoleVeniceItaly, Proprietario at Metropole HotelResponded Aug 10, 2012Dear " Lynda j", thank you very much for taking the time to write a comment about our Metropole, which we really appreciated. I am glad you enjoyed several aspects of our service and I am really sorry if you did not find immediately the room according to your request. Upgrading your room is the minimum we could do to compensate. Our Restaurant as you experienced has now a new concept, the Tra'Contemporary cuisine, which is completely diferent form the path we have been following for the last years. It is highly appreciated from our Guests and from Venetians. After a long tradition of gastronomic awards, we wanted to start a new challenge, and, although we are perfectly aware that taste is absolutely individual, we are the first at all to propose this new cuisine, in Venice and in the world.  Our products are genuine and strictly Italian - that is we mainly wanted to promote, italian food! - and the possibility to try a dish either in the traditional or in the contemporary version can be funny for those who try it for the first time. Your comment anyway will be certainly useful to improve our restaurant service. Thank you again for your precious help, I will share it with my staff. Kind regards.  Gloria Beggiato General Manager & Chief Administrator Metropole HotelRead more