The Hotel is nicely located and the reception areas are very well decorated. We had to take a water taxi from the Train station that cost about 60 Euros, but we arrived easily. The room was "TINY" with no space to move. The hotel did not provide tea or coffee making facilities. Upon asking the staff they appeared not to understand what a kettle was! We felt it was a bit much. In the city of romance, we found our bed to be two single beds joined together! This was disappointing.  The ambience of the hotel is great, but we were happy to be there only for one night. It was definitely not good value for money and should not be considered unless you have no other options.Read moreDate of stay: July 2012HelpfulShare Response from MetropoleVeniceItaly, Hotel at Metropole HotelResponded Jul 30, 2012Dear “Amer Q”, Let me sincerely thank you for your comment, which is always really important for us to improve our service. Guests are the most trustable feed-back for us, therefore your suggestion is really precious.  I am sorry to understand that you were not completely satisfied with your room.  The main characteristic of our Metropole Hotel is the particular care in furnishing and decorating rooms and lounges with period furniture, engravings and old paintings as well as pieces from our private antiques collections. This is the result of a deep passion for art, luxury and elegance, and at the same time compensates the size of some rooms which is slightly smaller than others, due to the structure itself of the ancient palace of the Metropole. In accordance with the reduced dimensions of the city itself – but this is also the magic of Venice! -  you will hardly find wide rooms in Venetian palazzos.   I will definitely investigate for the matters you complain about, for which I personally apologize. I hope to welcome you again to the Metropole in the future, in order to let you see that what you experienced does not belong to our standard of service.   Thank you again for your help. My kindest regards.  Gloria Beggiato General Manager & Chief Administrator Hotel MetropoleRead more