I'd never stayed in a 5* hotel before, so maybe my expectations were higher than they should have been, but I was disappointed with our room, the size of the bed plus as little extra room as possible which I thought was a feature limited to the more budget hotels. Also, although I had reserved a double room, what we got was two twin beds, with separate bed covers, pushed together - disappointing for my boyfriend and I who like to sleep snuggled up together. Also, it took a rather hot and sleepless night before we discovered that the air conditioning only worked with the fan on 'max' - all lower settings were in fact off.   Other reviews talk of the helpfulness of the staff, and while this was definitely the case for some, at other times we had considerably less helpful service,…Read moreDate of stay: May 2012HelpfulShare Response from ChiaraVis, Direttore vendite at Metropole HotelResponded Jun 16, 2012Dear “Eleanor H”,  Thank you for your stay at the Metropole. It is with regret that we understand, upon your return back home, that your experience with us did not meet your expectations and we do apologize if we failed in our goal.  Our Housekeeping Service is available 24h per day as well our Concierge or Reception Service: they are at disposal anytime to satisfy any requests or need as we love our guests to be happy with our services and enjoy a lovely stay at our home.   Our goal is to satisfy all needs and give a warm welcome and farewell to all our guests making them leave with a smile and a good memory of us.  Transportation in Venice is by boats – private or public – and foot: one-day or few-days tickets are more convenient when public boats are used more than twice as often happens when sightseeing in the city. The Lido Island is no more than 15 minutes by public boat from our hotel and connections runs every 10 minutes.  We do apologize if our Concierge suggested the entire day pass instead of the two way tickets as usually our guests love to pop on and off boats very often during the day. We would like to inform you that we have already investigated the matter and our Concierge will be more precise when suggesting routes or tickets purchase or on-line reservations at museums.  We hope to have the pleasure to welcoming you back again in order to show you that what happened is not our standard of quality and that we have improved in our services to let you enjoy a memorable stay with us in magic Venice: please, feel free to contact us anytime.  Best regards,  Chiara Visentin Director of Sales & Marketing Metropole HotelRead more