My husband booked a 5 day holiday as a surprise to celebrate an important anniversary.  I didn't want to complain about the room we were given, so we stayed put in what was obviously a basic one.  The wall-to-wall red decor was oppressive and the general standard a bit tired. The canopy of a four-poster, heavy drapes and the narrow window, which looked out onto a wall a couple of metres away, made it dark and gloomy.  There was too much furniture.  The bathroom was stocked with towels, robes and toiletries, but they were no better than you'd find in a 3-star.  The room was clean.  Overall, I would prefer the basics to be right, rather than have the quirky features like museum collections or having the bed turned down.  Small details like efficient bar service, sufficient…Read moreDate of stay: June 2012HelpfulShare Response from ChiaraVis, Direttore vendite at Metropole HotelResponded Jun 16, 2012Dear Mrs “Bradgirl48”,  Thank you for your recent stay at our hotel and for your comments: we always consider suggestions seriously as our valued guests help us improving our services day after day.  We are sorry to understand that you were not fully satisfied with your stay as we try harder and harder to offer a superior service to all our clients, with no distinction of the room reserved. At our hotel we do have many room typologies and all our clients are highly considered in the same professional way: it would be challenging for our team to differentiate all of our many guests because of their room typ.  Anyway, this is not our goal and policy and we deeply apologize if someone of our team failed to reach your expectations: we are investigating the matter and will take proper measures of behavior.  As far as rooms, despite the many typologies and details that make them different and unique (all of our 67 rooms are different with no duplicates), our basic courtesies and toiletries are offered in all of them and are of one of the luxury brands proposed in the international luxury market, made of selected ingredients. Of course, our Chief Housekeeper is at full disposal in order to satisfy any requests and needs. We do offer complimentary wireless connection in all the hotel when using an individual laptop, otherwise a business point is at disposal upon charge. In room coffee-making facilities are not featured at our hotel (a common characteristic when travelling in our country) but thank you for your suggestion that we will consider for the future. Our Room Service is available 24h per day and in this season, we do have two efficient Bars, an in-door air-conditioned one and an al-fresco one directly at our Garden. We do apologize if we failed to understand that this service was very important to you: our Concierge is always at disposal of our guests for any requests or needs and could have arranged with pleasure in room coffee or tea service at anytime.  We are also sorry to understand that our location was not suitable for you: we are in the heart of the city facing the lagoon, with a heartbreaking view on the main island of St. Giorgio with its majestic XVII c. church by Palladio, and close to La Pietà Church, the main place where Vivaldi held concerts.  Venice is an international city naturally calling for cultures and people coming from all around the world coming to visit all the places you have mentioned: comparing to St. Mark’s square our location is even quieter and just around the corner of our building you can reach unusual places out of the common itineraries: our Concierges have full knowledge of the city, most of them are local people, and can give unforgettable tips about this marvelous city.  We do hope to have the pleasure to welcoming you back again, maybe from December to March when Venice is even more magic with its special colors and definitely without the lively international crowd of the peak months: during this period, we are confident it will be unforgettable to enjoy a central location of hotels like ours and the unique charm of our history.  Please, contact us anytime, all our team is at your disposal and would love to welcoming you back with some special tips tailor made on your needs.  Best regards,  Chiara Visentin Director of Sales & Marketing Metropole HotelRead more