This hotel was poor for the price. I marked as terrible because of an incident with the staff over charging for water - on leaving I received two charges for water one for water they said I had used from the minibar and one for water I had used which was left out on the dressing table. We didn't take water from the minibar and thought the water on the dressing table was complementary - amazing to think it wouldn't be!!. I explained that I hadn't used any water from the minibar but they didn't believe me.The manager kindly waived the 24Euro charge for the water on the dressing table and was very easy to deal with.  Expected tea making facilities in the room. Bath failed to drain and was very small.       - not bad but not great. The room was covered in red fabric from floor to…Read moreDate of stay: April 2012HelpfulShare Response from ChiaraVis, Direttore vendite at Metropole HotelResponded Apr 23, 2012Dear Mr “317David”,  Let us thank you for your stay at our hotel. We are deeply sorry you could not fully enjoy your experience with us. Let us kindly inform you that the bottle of mineral water and the dry snacks on the dressing table are upon charge as clearly stated on the notice positioned in front of the bottle and snacks in their tray.  We will take note of your suggestion to have a tea maker in the room: at the moment, like many hotels in our country, it is not foreseen at our property but will consider this possibility for the future and thank you for your advice.  As far the problem with the bathtub, we have immediately and carefully checked your room, on the third floor, with our Housekeeper and Technician: the bathtub is perfectly working!  The bathtubs at our hotel have a special drain system: inside the bathtub there is a knob that you need to move left hand side or right hand side in order to close or open the drain. Our Personnel is always at disposal of our clients 24h per day: we are deeply sorry we could not immediately help you during your 4-night-stay as we were not informed about your troubles and could not easily help you with proper information making your stay truly comfortable. Anyway, thanks to your notice, we will provide for detailed instructions about the functioning of our drain system in each bathroom in order to avoid any future misunderstandings.   Venice is a charming city because of its structure, history and art heritage and the small streets are part of its soul: without them there would not be the magic of its life and everyday heartbeat. We hope to welcoming you back in occasion of your next trip to this unique city and we will do our utmost to let you have plenty of choice of our charming rooms overlooking our quite relaxing garden or the marvelous lagoon.  Please, feel free to contact us anytime, it will be our great honour to offer you our best personalized welcome.  Chiara Visentin Director of Sales & MarketingRead more