Our stay at the Metropole in Venice was a real mixed bag...  Pros: 1. Delicious room service from the Oriental Bar - the prosciutto crudo, and the prawn salad were stand out dishes 2. Lovely room - although in the traditional Venetian style, it had been cared for and looked beautiful. We were in room 319 with a great view overlooking the water.  3. Good restaurant recommendation - the recommendation to eat at Oliva Nera, just behind the hotel, was fabulous!! The best food we had in Venice.  4. The museum - each floor of the hotel had a different collection of antique objects (everything from religious icons to fans), and they were fun to look at and very unique. 5. Bath salts - I love to find a hotel that gives out proper bath salts, as well as the usual shower gels and…Read moreDate of stay: February 2012HelpfulShare Response from ChiaraVis, Direttore vendite at Metropole HotelResponded Feb 25, 2012Dear “BeachedExplorers”,  We would like to thank you for your recent stay at our Metropole Hotel and for sharing your experience with the community. We do care a lot about our guests’ comments and suggestions as we try our utmost to offer the best of service and welcome in town: the Metropole is a unique property and our goal is to reach and fully satisfy our clients’ expectations in a unique and personalized way. We thank you for all your positive comments about us, especially those about our restaurant services and collections of antiques. At our hotel all art and historical pieces are authentic and the result of long researches in Italy and abroad.  We do apologize if, during your stay, we failed to maintain our high standards of service and, most importantly, your expectations. We would like to inform you that your comment has been intensely object of internal discussion and we have already taken appropriate measures in order to improve any deficiencies you mentioned. We hope we will have the pleasure to welcoming you back to our charming Metropole in order to demonstrate that what happened during your stay is not our normal standard of service as well as our sincere devotion to hospitality and our clients’ satisfaction.  Looking forward to welcoming you back again, we remain with our best regards,  Chiara Visentin Director of Sales & MarketingRead more