The Metropole has always been our favourite hotel in Venice. It has recently changed from a 4 star to a 5 star, I guess with a corresponding increase in cost.  The ground floor has been re-organised: the lovely old breakfast room and the glamorous Zodiac bar have been knocked into one room and naffed up to produce a larger space for the very expensive Michelin-starred Met restaurant. The bar is now a sort of public bar just inside the main entrance where the Met used to be. Breakfast is in a rather soulless room in the garden, with, at least over this Christmas, awful piped musack. Two years ago we had a live pianist!  Breakfast has always been somewhat of a weak point at the Metropole. In a hotel of this standing one might expect some hot food. Instead one has to order and pay…Read moreDate of stay: December 20081 SaveHelpfulShare Response from MetropoleVeniceItaly, Asst. Manager at Metropole HotelResponded Jan 26, 2009Dear Mr Jo Bill, We really regret to know that your stay at the Metropole was partially spoiled, but we firmly believe that these critics can be really constructive for us, especially because reporting critics is not always easy. That is why we heartily thank you for your comment.  Unfortunately during your stay, the Breakfast Room was in its provisory display. You should come and see it in Spring, when breakfast is served in our rich Citrus Garden, a relaxing and fresh place where the day starts magnificently.   As regards our Met Restaurant and its prices, by comparison with the other Restaurants in Venice, the Met is really not too expensive (from 85 to 110 Euros according to the menu). As you probably know we have been awarded with the Michelin star.   We are really sorry to know that you don’t appreciate the location of our new Bar. It has a warm atmosphere, is largely acclaimed and appreciated in Venice, and its success  is confirmed by our guests. Everybody loves its enchanting view over the lagoon.  As you know, this year December was a difficult month due to the sudden water flooding which has caused serious and numerous damages all through Venice, especially in the buildings that face the lagoon, such as the Metropole. Our Christmas decorations were therefore damaged and it was really difficult to replace them in few days.  We can assure you we are attentively working as always at improving our service and quality, employing all our professional experience and creativity. Even lovers can have some delusions sometimes… We hope you come to see us again, we are sure you will fall in love with the Metropole again.   Actually our competitors are Hotel dei Dogi or Europa&Regina. Undoubtedly the Metropole outstands for its service, its atmosphere and the relation between price and quality.  Thank you again for taking the time to write about us.  The Metropole Hotel  Aurelio Bon – Asst. ManagerRead more