We went for New Year's and a few days in January to our incredibly disappointment due to  substandard conditions! The hotel staff has no concept of customer service and the hotel is overpriced and definitely not worth a repeat visit.  It is rare that we feel that we have been robbed by a hotel. The many issues included booking (and paying) for a double bed only to find two beds pushed together which were quite uncomfortable. When we mentioned we had paid for a double room, the front desk took the attitude: "tough luck." We also splurged on the New Year's Eve dinner. The hotel allegedly has a one star michelin chef.. at a price tag of $1500 for two we were shocked that the food was barely edible. Again, hotel staff never bothered to ask why the plates were cleared and the dishes…Read moreDate of stay: January 20081 SaveHelpfulShare Response from eugene2008, manager at Metropole HotelResponded Jan 19, 2008I am the General Manager of the Metropole. I read your complain and you can imagine my reaction in seeing that the Hotel did not match your expectations under any point of view. My big concern was not having the possibility to talk you while you were staying with us: according to you it probably would have not changed anything, but on my side I am sure you could have had another “approach” to the Hotel Metropole. This Property is in fact one of the oldest in town and well known all over the world for its high standards of service, attention to its Clients and most of the reports are always extremely positive. The following lines could probably sound you as the last attempt to save our reputation, but you will understand I cannot accept what you wrote down. Concerning the bed problem, it could have been solved in moving you to another room: that for sure could not be a problem, if it was brought to the reception staff’s attention, to my Assistant Manager or to me. During New Year’s Eve I was attending the Party and the meal: I personally tasted the dishes and I found them not so horrible, but in this case you understand the matter of tastes is subjective. What I cannot accept is that if you complained, no reason was given to you and nothing has been reported to me, but believe me when I tell you that someone is going to pay for this lack of respect toward you as a person first and then as a  Client. The one hour late check out is usually always applied to all our Clients, without any supplement. Your comment finds me completely astonished and it is hard for me to believe that happened, but since I trust you please accept my apologises.  I am sure that offering you a two nights complimentary stay at the Metropole during the whole 2008 year, will not change your opinion toward the Metropole, but we do hope to have the chance to remedy. I do hope to have the chance to meet you once again in a near future and I remain at your disposal in case you decide to contact me. Yours faithfully, The Management, Hotel Metropole - Venezia Read more